<c>

                         condensed consolidated statements of operations (unaudited)
                         for the three months and six months ended june 30, 1999
                         and june 30, 1998................................................................   2

                         condensed consolidated balance sheets (unaudited)
                         as of june 30, 1999 and december 31, 1998........................................   3

                         condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited)
                         for the six months ended june 30, 1999 and june 30, 1998.........................   4

                         notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited).................   5

                item 2.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition
                         and results of operations........................................................  20


     part ii.   other information

                item 1.  legal proceedings................................................................  36

                item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k ................................................  40

     signature  ..........................................................................................  41
</c><page>
item 2. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
        results of operations

         the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and the related
footnotes included in this quarterly report on form 10-q/a, as well as the
consolidated financial statements, related footnotes and management's discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's
annual report on form 10-k/a for the year ended december 31, 1998.

acquisitions

         on march 30, 1998, the company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary,
acquired approximately 81% of the total number of then outstanding shares of
common stock of coleman from a subsidiary of macandrews &amp; forbes ("m&amp;f;"), in
exchange for 14,099,749 shares of the company's common stock and approximately
$160 million in cash. in addition, the company assumed approximately $1,016
million in debt. immediately thereafter, as a result of the exercise of coleman
employee stock options, sunbeam's indirect beneficial ownership of coleman
decreased to approximately 79% of the total number of the outstanding shares of
coleman common stock. the company's agreement for the acquisition of the
remaining publicly held coleman shares pursuant to a merger transaction provides
that the remaining coleman shareholders will receive:

     o        approximately 6.7 million shares of sunbeam common stock (0.5677
              of a share for each outstanding coleman share); and,

     o        approximately $87 million in cash ($6.44 for each outstanding
              coleman share and the cash-out of unexercised coleman employee
              stock options for an amount equal to the difference between $27.50
              per share and the exercise price of such options).

         the company expects to complete the coleman merger during the second
half of 1999, although there can be no assurance that the merger will occur
during that time. see note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements
for information regarding the settlement claims relating to the coleman
acquisition, the terms of which provide for the issuance at the time of the
merger of warrants to purchase up to 4.98 million shares of sunbeam's common
stock at $7 per share.

         on april 6, 1998, the company completed the cash acquisitions of first
alert, a leading manufacturer of smoke and carbon monoxide detectors, and
signature brands, a leading manufacturer of consumer and professional products.
the first alert and the signature brands acquisitions were valued at
approximately $182 million (including $133 million of cash and $49 million of
assumed debt) and approximately $255 million (reflecting cash paid, including
the required retirement or defeasance of debt), respectively.

         the acquisitions were recorded under the purchase method of accounting
and accordingly, the financial position and results of operations of each
acquired entity are included in the condensed consolidated financial statements
from the respective dates of acquisition. the purchase prices of the acquired
entities have been allocated to individual assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on estimates of fair values determined by independent appraisals
at the dates of acquisition.

                                       20
<page>
1998 charges

         consolidated operating results for 1998 were impacted by a number of
largely non-recurring charges. operating income, adjusted for these items, is
summarized in the following table and succeeding narrative.

<table>
<caption>
                                                                                          combined
                                                          as reported                    historical
                                       ---------------------------------------------      results
                                         three months ended       six months ended       six month
                                       ---------------------   ---------------------       ended
                                       june 30,    june 30,      june 30,   june 30,       june 30,
                                         1999        1998          1999       1998           1998
                                        --------   --------    ----------    --------    ----------
<s> <c> <c> <c> <c> <c>
(amounts in millions)
net sales - as reported ...........     $  660.9   $  578.5    $  1,184.9    $  826.1    $  1,127.9

gross margin - as reported ........        170.3      (52.5)        293.5       (18.7)         56.3
non-recurring adjustments:
   provision for inventory ........         --         84.0          --          84.0          84.0
   asset impairment ...............         --         29.6          --          29.6          29.6
   purchase accounting ............         --         20.5          --          20.5          20.5
                                        --------   --------    ----------    --------    ----------
     adjusted gross margin ........        170.3       81.6         293.5       115.4         190.4

selling, general and administrative
 expense ("sg&amp;a;") - as reported ...        156.8      140.8         294.8       211.9         312.9
      former employees' deferred
       compensation ...............         --         --            --         (30.7)        (30.7)
                                        --------   --------    ----------    --------    ----------
        adjusted sg&amp;a; expense .....        156.8      140.8         294.8       181.2         282.2
                                        --------   --------    ----------    --------    ----------
adjusted operating income (loss) ..     $   13.5   $  (59.2)   $     (1.3)   $  (65.8)   $    (91.8)
                                        --------   --------    ----------    --------    ----------
</c></c></c></c></c></s></caption></table>

         the combined results from operations for the six months ended june 30,
1998 include the combined historical results of coleman, signature brands and
first alert from the beginning of 1998 to their respective acquisition dates.
the combined historical results do not include pro forma purchase accounting
adjustments including those relating to the amortization of the purchase price
of these acquisitions. certain amounts included in the historical results of the
acquired companies have been reclassified to conform with the company's
presentation. presentation of these combined results is to enhance comparability
between the periods presented and not necessarily indicative of the combined
results that would have occurred had these acquisitions been consummated at the
beginning of 1998.

provision for inventory

         in the second quarter of 1998, the company recorded a charge of $84.0
million as a result of the following:

     o        inventories were built during 1997 and the first half of 1998 in
              anticipation of 1998 sales volumes which did not materialize. as a
              result, it has been and will continue to be necessary to dispose
              of some portions of excess inventories at amounts less than cost.
              accordingly, in the second quarter of 1998, when the facts and
              circumstances were known that such sales volume would not
              materialize, the company recorded $46.4 million in charges to
              properly state this inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market. this
              inventory primarily related to certain appliances, grills and
              grill accessories.

     o        a charge of $11.0 million was recorded during the second quarter
              of 1998 for excess inventories for raw material and work in
              process that will not be used due to outsourcing the production of
              breadmakers, toasters, and certain other appliances.

     o        in the second quarter of 1998, the company made the decision to
              exit certain product lines, primarily air and water filtration
              products and eliminate certain stock keeping units ("sku's")
              within existing product lines, primarily relating to appliances,
              grills and grill accessories. as a result of this decision, a
              $26.6 million charge was recorded during the second quarter of
              1998 to properly state this inventory at the lower-of-cost-or
              market.

         these charges to record excess inventories at the
lower-of-cost-or-market were based upon management's best estimate of net
realizable value. (see note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

                                       21

<page>
         in addition to the charge taken in 1998, the excess and obsolete
inventory referenced above has impacted the company's operating results in
several ways, with two primary effects. first, gross margins have been impacted
by sales, at below normal prices, of obsolete inventory into non-traditional
channels and excess inventory into traditional channels. in addition, due to the
high levels of excess inventory at the end of 1998, the company's usage of its
manufacturing facilities has been lower than normal, resulting in lower gross
margins in 1999.

asset impairment

         management made decisions to outsource or discontinue a substantial
number of products previously made by the company (principally breadmakers,
toasters and certain other appliances, air and water filtration products and the
elimination of certain sku's within existing product lines, primarily relating
to appliances, grills and grill accessories). as a result, certain facilities
and equipment would either no longer be used or would be utilized in a
significantly different manner. accordingly, a charge of $29.6 million was
recorded in cost of goods sold to write certain of these assets down to their
estimated fair market value. (see note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

purchase accounting

         the company recorded the 1998 acquisitions using the purchase method of
accounting. in accordance with this accounting method, inventory pertaining to
the acquisitions was recorded at fair value. the fair value of the inventory
exceeded the book value reflected on the balance sheets of the acquired
companies as of the respective acquisition dates. the excess of the fair value
of inventory over its pre-acquisition book value was recorded in cost of sales
as the inventory was sold. the adjustment above removes this non-recurring
impact ($20.5 million).

former employees' deferred compensation

         on february 20, 1998, the company entered into new three-year
employment agreements with its then chairman and chief executive officer and two
other senior officers of the company. the new employment agreements provided
for, among other items, the acceleration of vesting of restricted stock and the
forfeiture of unvested restricted stock that had been granted under the
executives' prior employment agreements, new restricted stock grants and options
to purchase common shares. total compensation expense recognized in the first
quarter of 1998 related to these items was approximately $31 million. (see note
8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

 three months ended june 30, 1999 compared to three months ended june 30, 1998

         consolidated net sales for the three months ended june 30, 1999 and
1998 were $660.9 million and $578.5 million respectively, an increase of $82.4
million or approximately 14%. this increase was driven primarily by the outdoor
leisure group where net sales increased $53.6 million to $338.1 million in the
second quarter of 1999. this increase was predominately driven by strong retail
replenishment demand of outdoor recreation products and powermate/registered
trademark/ generators (aggregating approximately $51 million). the increase in
outdoor recreation products and powermate/registered trademark/ generators is
believed to be partially attributable to heightened consumer sensitivity to the
need for emergency preparedness. this increased sensitivity is believed to be
reflective of a combination of factors including weather conditions and year
2000 considerations. outdoor cooking product net sales increased approximately
$9 million in the 1999 period as compared to the second quarter of 1998, largely
as a result of reduced shipments in the year ago quarter to allow trade
inventories to return to appropriate levels. this factor affects the year to
year comparisons for each of the operating groups. these improvements were
partially offset by weaknesses in net sales of eastpak/registered trademark/
products. household net sales increased $17.4 million to $151.3 million in 1999.
despite the lack of significant new product introductions, overall net sales of
appliances, personal care, and health products increased approximately $14
million as a result of a strengthening retail environment in the current year
and the effect of reduced shipments in the year ago quarter. during 1998 sales
of coffee makers and smoke and carbon monoxide detectors were adversely effected
by the disruption that arose from the integration with sunbeam and the related
management changes. results for the second quarter of 1999 reflect improvement
in the sales of coffee makers and smoke and carbon monoxide detectors
(approximately $3 million) from the prior year quarter, accounting for the
remaining increase. international net sales increased $11.6 million to $165.7
million. the increase in net sales was largely driven by improved net sales in
canada of approximately $10 million, resulting predominantly from strong retail
demand for powermate/registered trademark/ and outdoor recreation products and
the effect of reduced shipments in the year ago quarter, as discussed above. in
addition, net sales increased in europe and japan by approximately $5 million in
the second quarter of 1999 as compared to the same period in 1998, partially
offset by declining net sales of the company's products in latin america. the
company believes that weak economic conditions contributed to the decline in
latin american net sales.

                                       22
<page>
         gross margin for the second quarter in 1999 was $170.3 million or
$222.8 million higher than the comparable period in 1998. excluding the effects
of 1998 non-recurring adjustments, as summarized above under "1998 charges",
gross margin for 1998 was $81.6 million in the second quarter of 1998. as a
percentage of net sales, gross margin improved to approximately 26% in the
second quarter of 1999 as compared to the second quarter 1998 gross margin of
negative 9% and 1998 adjusted gross margin of approximately 14%. the three
operating groups contributed nearly equally to the margin improvements in the
1999 period. approximately half of the outdoor leisure group's margin
improvement resulted from additional volume and an improved product mix with the
remaining improvement resulting from favorable overhead absorption as a result
of higher manufacturing volumes. the improvement in the household group was
driven by appliances and personal care products which benefited from improved
manufacturing efficiencies and cost benefits achieved from sourcing additional
finished goods from third party vendors. approximately 70% of the improvement in
the international group's gross margin resulted from the benefit of the shut
down of the mexico city manufacturing facility which had experienced high
material usage costs and employee benefit costs in the second quarter a year
ago. the remaining improvement in the international group resulted from gross
margin generated by higher sales volumes and a lower level of product returns.

         sg&amp;a; expense in the second quarter of 1999 was $156.8 million,
representing an 11.4% increase over the same period in the prior year. excluding
the effect of year 2000 compliance efforts ($5.4 million) recorded in the second
quarter of 1999, sg&amp;a; expense increased approximately $11 million (approximately
8%) in 1999 as compared to the same period in 1998. this increase is largely
attributable to higher levels of selling and administrative costs primarily in
the outdoor leisure and international segments driven by increased net sales. in
addition, sg&amp;a; expense in the second quarter of 1999 reflects costs associated
with certain redundant operations resulting from the company's 1998 acquisitions
and the decision to bring in-house certain operating activities that are
currently outsourced. the company is in the process of fully integrating certain
of these functions and expects that when this process has been completed
consolidated sg&amp;a; expense for these functions will be reduced.

         consolidated operating results for the second quarters of 1999 and
1998, were a profit of $13.5 million in 1999 and a loss of $193.3 million in
1998. operating results for the second quarter of 1998, as adjusted, were a loss
of $59.2 million. this change resulted from the factors discussed above.

         interest expense in the second quarter of 1999 was $45.0 million as
compared to $42.4 million in the same period in the prior year. approximately
half of this increase is attributable to higher levels of borrowings during the
second quarter of 1999. the increased level of borrowings was attributable to
capital expenditures since the second quarter of 1998. the balance of the
increase was driven by the impact of higher interest rates during the 1999
period and the amortization of the loan commitment fee (approximately $1
million) the company is obligated to pay under the terms of the new credit
facility. see note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a
discussion of the loan commitment fee.

         other expense, net of $1.1 million for the second quarter of 1999
included approximately $2 million relating to the bank credit facility and the
debentures. the increased credit facility expenses primarily related to unused
facility fees and the debenture expense related to liquidated damages payable to
debenture holders. (see note 3 to condensed consolidated financial statements.)
other expense, net of $2.1 million for the second quarter of 1998 primarily
represents foreign exchange losses principally at the company's operations in
mexico, venezuela and canada. other expense for this period also includes
approximately $0.5 million related to unused facility fees. expenses during the
second quarter of 1999 and 1998 were partially offset by interest income of $1.1
million and $1.4 million, respectively.

         the minority interest reported for the second quarter of 1999 and 1998
relates to the minority interest held in coleman by minority shareholders.

         approximately $6 million of the $7.3 million income tax expense
recorded in the second quarter of 1999 related to a u.s. tax liability generated
by coleman as a separate u.s. tax filing entity. as discussed below, in july
1999, the company acquired a sufficient ownership interest in coleman to permit
it and coleman to file consolidated u.s. tax returns with coleman for all future
periods. the remaining tax expense recorded in the second quarter of 1999
related to taxes on foreign income. tax expense recorded for the second quarter
of 1998 was nearly all related to foreign taxes. no net tax benefit was recorded
on the company's losses in either year as it is management's assessment that the
company cannot demonstrate that it is more likely than not that deferred tax
assets resulting from these losses would be realized through future taxable
income.

         on july 12, 1999, the company acquired 3,000,000 shares of a newly
created series of coleman voting preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price
of approximately $31 million. these shares, together with the shares of coleman
common stock the company owns, enable sunbeam to exercise 80.01% of the total
voting power of coleman's outstanding capital stock as of july 12, 1999. this
class of preferred stock was created by coleman and acquired by the company in
order to

                                       23
<page>
enable coleman and the company to file consolidated federal income tax
returns, and in certain jurisdictions, consolidated state income tax returns,
prior to the consummation of the coleman merger. in connection with the issuance
of the shares of preferred stock, the company entered into a tax sharing
agreement with coleman, pursuant to which coleman will pay to sunbeam amounts
equal to the federal and state income taxes that would have been payable by
coleman had coleman not been included in the consolidated income tax return of
the company. the net proceeds from the issuance of the shares by coleman of its
voting preferred stock to coleman worldwide were used by coleman to make a
partial repayment of loans outstanding from sunbeam under the intercompany note.
(see note 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

         as a result of repayment of certain indebtedness assumed in the coleman
acquisition, the company recognized an extraordinary charge in the second
quarter of 1998. the debt assumed in connection with the coleman acquisition was
repaid as a result of the requirements under the terms of the new credit
facility. this extraordinary charge consisted of redemption premiums ($99.1
million), unamortized debt discount ($13.8 million) and unamortized deferred
financing costs ($0.9 million) and was net of income taxes ($10.7 million). (see
note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

six months ended june 30, 1999 compared to six months ended june 30, 1998

         net sales for the six months ended june 30, 1999 and 1998 were $1,184.9
million and $826.1 million respectively, an increase of $358.8 million. results
for the six months ended june 30, 1998 include coleman, signature brands and
first alert from their respective acquisition dates. after adjusting 1998 sales
to include sales of the acquired companies for the periods from the beginning of
1998 through the respective dates of acquisition, combined historical net sales
would be $1,127.9 million. 1999 net sales increased approximately $57 million or
approximately 5% over 1998 combined historical net sales. information that
adjusts for the results of the acquisitions prior to the actual acquisition
dates (the "combined historical" information) is provided for informational
purposes only and is to enhance comparability of the period presented. this
information is not necessarily indicative of what the combined results would
have been had these acquisitions occurred at the beginning of the periods
presented. the increase in net sales is driven by the outdoor leisure group
which had an increase of approximately $59 million in 1999 as compared to the
combined historical net sales in the same period in the prior year. this
increase over combined historical net sales was largely due to sales of outdoor
recreation products and powermate/registered trademark/ generators. the higher
level of sales of these products is believed to be partially attributable to
heightened consumer sensitivity to the need for emergency preparedness. the
company believes that this heightened sensitivity is reflective of a combination
of factors, including weather conditions and year 2000 considerations. household
net sales in 1999 decreased approximately $7 million compared to 1998 combined
historical net sales. the company believes that the channel loading that took
place in the first quarter of 1998 was primarily responsible for this decrease.
international net sales in 1999 increased $5.0 million over 1998 combined
historical net sales. higher sales in canada and europe resulted predominantly
from strong retail demand of powermate/registered trademark/ and outdoor
recreation products. this increase was partially offset by the impact of weak
economic conditions in latin america.

         gross margin for the first half of 1999 was $293.5 million or $312.2
million higher than the comparable period in 1998. adjusting for the combined
results of the acquired companies and excluding the effects of 1998
non-recurring adjustments, which are summarized above under the heading "1998
charges", gross margin for the first half of 1999 increased approximately $103
million over the 1998 combined historical gross margin, with each of the
operating groups contributing to the margin improvement. as a percentage of net
sales, gross margin improved to approximately 25% in the first half of 1999 as
compared to a negative 2% in the first half of 1998. the gross margin percentage
for the 1998 period adjusted for the non-recurring charges and for the effect of
the acquired companies was approximately 17% of combined historical net sales.
the household group contributed approximately $42 million of the 1999 gross
margin improvement over the 1998 combined historical gross margin. the
improvement in the household group's gross margin resulted primarily from
improved manufacturing processes and controls and reduced sales returns and
allowances. the outdoor leisure group's gross margin in 1999 improved by
approximately $41 million over 1998 combined historical gross margin.
approximately 70% of the improvement in the outdoor leisure group's gross margin
resulted from additional volume and improved mix. the remaining improvement
resulted from improved manufacturing overhead absorption. the international
group contributed approximately $20 million of the 1999 gross margin improvement
over 1998 combined historical gross margin. approximately 75% of the improvement
in the international group's gross margin resulted from the shut down of the
mexico city manufacturing facility which had experienced high material usage
costs and employee benefit costs in the prior year. the remaining improvement
resulted from a lower level of product returns.

         sg&amp;a; expense for the first six months of 1999 was $294.8 million, an
increase of $82.9 million or 39.1% over the same period in the prior year. after
adjusting 1998 sg&amp;a; expense to include the acquired companies' sg&amp;a; expense

                                       24
<page>
for the period from the beginning of 1998 through the respective dates of
acquisition ($101.0 million), combined historical sg&amp;a; expense was $312.9
million. since the combined historical 1998 sg&amp;a; expenses were derived by adding
the acquired companies' pre-acquisition period costs to the reported six months'
results of sunbeam, the combined historical sg&amp;a; expenses include $19.0 million
of amortization of intangibles expense representing both pre- and
post-acquisition periods, as well as approximately $12 million of transaction
costs incurred by the acquired companies relating the them being purchased by
sunbeam. excluding these costs, and the 1998 non-recurring charges of $30.7
million, as described above under "1998 charges", adjusted 1998 sg&amp;a; expenses
were approximately $251 million. the 1999 sg&amp;a; expenses included $27.1 million
of amortization of intangibles expense and $13.5 million of costs for year 2000
compliance efforts. excluding these costs, the adjusted 1999 sg&amp;a; costs were
$254.2 million, nearly flat with a year ago.

         operating results for the first halves of 1999 and 1998, were a loss of
$1.3 million in 1999 and a loss of $230.6 million in 1998. adjusted for the
historical results of the acquired companies and excluding 1998 non-recurring
charges, as previously described, operating results for the 1999 and 1998
periods were losses of $1.3 million and $91.8 million, respectively. this change
resulted from the factors discussed above.

         interest expense increased from $47.5 million in the first half of 1998
to $87.0 million in the first half of 1999. nearly all of the change related to
higher borrowing levels in 1999 resulting primarily from borrowings for the
acquisitions that were outstanding for the entire 1999 six month period as
compared to only a portion of the 1998 period.

         other expense, net of $1.9 million for the first half of 1999 included
approximately $4 million relating to the bank credit facility and the
debentures. the credit facility expenses primarily related to unused facility
fees and the debenture expense related to liquidated damages payable to
debenture holders. (see note 3 to condensed consolidated financial statements.)
other expense, net of $5.3 million for the first half of 1998 primarily
represented foreign exchange losses principally at the company's operations in
mexico, venezuela and canada. other expense for this period also includes
approximately $1.0 million relating to an unused facility fee. expenses during
both periods were partially offset by interest income of $1.7 million.

         the minority interest reported in 1999 and 1998 relates to the minority
interest held in coleman by minority shareholders.

         approximately $6 million of the $9.0 million income tax expense
recorded in 1999 related to a u.s. tax liability generated by coleman as a
separate u.s. tax filing entity. as previously discussed, in july 1999, the
company acquired a sufficient ownership interest in coleman to permit it to file
consolidated u.s. tax returns with coleman for all future periods. the remaining
tax expense recorded in 1999 related to taxes on foreign income. tax expense
recorded in 1998 was nearly all related to foreign taxes. no net tax benefit was
recorded on the company's losses in either year as it is management's assessment
that the company cannot demonstrate that it is more likely than not that
deferred tax assets resulting from these losses would be realized through future
taxable income.

         in march 1998, the company prepaid a $75.0 million 7.85% industrial
revenue bond related to its hattiesburg facility originally due in 2009. in
connection with the early extinguishment of this debt, the company recognized an
extraordinary charge in the first quarter of 1998. as a result of repayment of
certain indebtedness assumed in the coleman acquisition, the company also
recognized and extraordinary charge in the second quarter of 1998. the debt
assumed in connection with the coleman acquisition was repaid as a result of the
requirements under the terms of the new credit facility. these extraordinary
charges consisted of redemption premiums ($106.9 million), unamortized debt
discount ($13.8 million) and unamortized deferred financing costs ($1.7 million)
and were net of income taxes ($10.7 million).

foreign operations

         approximately 75% of the company's business is conducted in u.s.
 dollars (including both domestic sales, u.s. dollar denominated export sales,
 primarily to certain latin american markets, asian sales and the majority of
 european sales). the company's non-u.s. dollar denominated sales are made
 principally by subsidiaries in europe, canada, japan, latin america and mexico.
 mexico reverted to a hyperinflationary status for accounting purposes in 1997;
 therefore, translation adjustments related to mexican net monetary assets were
 included as a component of net (loss) earnings. mexico is not considered
 hyperinflationary as of january 1, 1999. this change in mexico's
 hyperinflationary status is not expected to have a material effect on the
 company's financial results. translation adjustments resulting from the
 company's non-u.s. denominated subsidiaries have not had a material impact on
 the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

                                       25
<page>
         while revenues generated in asia have traditionally not been
significant, economic instability in this region is expected to have a negative
effect on earnings. economic instability and the political environment in latin
america have also affected sales in that region. it is anticipated that sales in
and exports to these regions will continue to be impacted so long as the
economic environments in those regions remain unsettled.

         on a limited basis, the company selectively uses derivatives (foreign
exchange option and forward contracts) to manage foreign exchange exposures that
arise in the normal course of business. no derivative contracts are entered into
for trading or speculative purposes. the use of derivatives has not had a
material impact on the company's financial results.

seasonality

         sunbeam's consolidated sales are not expected to exhibit substantial
seasonality; however, sales are expected to be strongest during the second
quarter of the calendar year. furthermore, sales of a number of products,
including warming blankets, vaporizers, humidifiers, grills, first alert
products, camping and generator products may be impacted by unseasonable weather
conditions.

liquidity and capital resources

debt instruments

         in order to finance the acquisition of coleman, first alert and
signature brands and to refinance substantially all of the indebtedness of the
company and the three acquired companies, the company consummated an offering in
march 1998 of zero coupon debentures having a yield to maturity of 5%
(approximately $2,014 million principal amount at maturity), which resulted in
approximately $730 million of net proceeds and borrowed about $1,325 million
under its new bank credit facility.

         the debentures are exchangeable for shares of the company's common
stock at an initial conversion rate of 6.575 shares for each $1,000 principal
amount at maturity of the debentures, subject to adjustments upon occurrence of
specified events. the debentures are subordinated in right of payment to all
existing and future senior indebtedness of the company. the debentures are not
redeemable by the company prior to march 25, 2003. on or after such date, the
debentures are redeemable for cash with at least 30 days notice, at the option
of the company. the company is required to purchase debentures at the option of
the holder as of march 25, 2003, march 25, 2008 and march 25, 2013, at purchase
prices equal to the issue price plus accrued original discount to such dates.
sunbeam may, at its option, elect to pay any such purchase price in cash or
common stock or any combination thereof. however, the bank credit facility
prohibits the company from redeeming or repurchasing debentures for cash. the
company was required to file a registration statement with the sec to register
the debentures by june 23, 1998. this registration statement was filed on
february 4, 1999 and the sec has not declared the registration statement
effective. the company's failure to file the registration statement by june 23,
1998 did not constitute default under the terms of the debentures. as part of
the normal review process by the sec, a number of comments have been made by the
staff of the division of corporation finance relating to the registration
statement and the restated 1996 and 1997 financial statements included therein.
the company has filed amendments to this registration statement. from june 23,
1998 until the registration statement is declared effective, the company is
required to pay to the debenture holders cash liquidated damages accruing, for
each day during such period, at a rate per annum equal to 0.25% during the first
90 days and 0.50% thereafter multiplied by the total of the issue price of the
debentures plus the original issue discount thereon on such day. the company
made its first payment of approximately $500,000 to the debenture holders on
september 25, 1998 and an additional $2 million was paid on march 25, 1999. an
additional cash payment of approximately $2 million, representing the company's
liability to debenture holders through june 30, 1999, was paid on september 25,
1999.

         concurrent with the acquisitions, the company replaced its $250 million
syndicated unsecured five-year revolving credit facility with the bank credit
facility. the bank credit facility provided for aggregate borrowings of up to
$1.7 billion and in addition to other customary covenants, required the company
to maintain specified consolidated leverage, interest coverage and fixed charge
coverage ratios as of the end of each fiscal quarter occurring after march 31,
1998 and on or prior to the latest stated maturity date for any of the
borrowings under the bank credit facility.

         as a result of, among other things, its operating losses incurred
during the first half of 1998, the company did not achieve the specified
financial ratios for june 30, 1998 and it appeared unlikely that the company
would achieve the specified financial ratios for september 30, 1998.
consequently, the company and its lenders entered into an agreement

                                       26
<page>
dated as of june 30, 1998 that waived through december 31, 1998 all defaults
arising from the failure of the company to satisfy the specified financial
ratios for june 30, 1998 and september 30, 1998. pursuant to an agreement with
the company dated as of october 19, 1998, the company's lenders extended all of
the waivers under the june 30 agreement through april 10, 1999 and also waived
through such date all defaults arising from any failure by the company to
satisfy the specified financial ratios for december 31, 1998. as part of the
october 19, 1998 agreement, the company agreed to a minimum monthly earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") covenant (as
defined in the bank credit facility) which covenant the company had been able to
satisfy.

         on april 10, 1999, among other things, the lenders extended all of the
waivers set forth in the october 19, 1998 agreement through april 15, 1999. on
april 15, 1999, the company and its lenders entered into a comprehensive
amendment to the bank credit facility that, among other things, extended all of
the waivers under the april 10, 1999 agreement until april 10, 2000 and waived
until such date all defaults arising from any failure by the company to satisfy
the specified financial ratios for any fiscal quarter end occurring during 1999
and for march 31, 2000. following is a description of the significant terms of
the bank credit facility as amended april 15, 1999. as part of the april 15,
1999 bank credit facility amendment, the company agreed to a minimum cumulative
ebitda covenant that is based on post-december 31, 1998 consolidated ebitda and
is tested at the end of each month occurring on or prior to march 31, 2000, as
well as a covenant limiting the amount of revolving loans (other than those used
to fund the coleman merger) that may be outstanding under the bank credit
facility as of the end of each such month. the minimum cumulative ebitda was
initially $6.3 million for the period january 1, 1999 through april 30, 1999 and
generally grows on a monthly basis until it reaches $121.0 million for the
period from january 1, 1999 through march 31, 2000.

the bank credit facility provides for aggregate borrowings of up to $1.7 billion
through:

     o        a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up
              to $400.0 million maturing march 30, 2005, $52.5 million of which
              may only be used to complete the coleman;

     o        up to $800.0 million in term loans maturing on march 30, 2005, of
              which $35.0 million may only be used to complete the coleman
              merger; and

     o        a $500.0 million term loan maturing september 30, 2006, of which
              $5.0 million has already been repaid through june 30, 1999.

         as of june 30, 1999, approximately $1.4 billion was outstanding and
approximately $0.2 billion was available for borrowing under the bank credit
facility. the remaining $0.1 billion of the $1.7 billion bank credit facility
was committed for outstanding letters of credit.

under the bank credit facility, interest accrues, at the company's option:

     o        at the london interbank offered rate ("libor");

     o        or at the base rate of the administrative agent which is generally
              the higher of the prime commercial lending rate of the
              administrative agent or the federal funds rate plus 0.50%;

in each case plus an interest margin which is currently 4.00% for libor loans
and 2.50% for base rate loans. the interest margin is subject to potential
decreases in the future, including a decrease to 3.00% for libor loans and 1.75%
for base rate loans upon consummation of the coleman merger and the
effectiveness of the pledge of substantially all of coleman's and its domestic
subsidiaries' assets to secure the obligations under the bank credit facility.

         under the terms of the april 15, 1999 amendment to the bank credit
facility, the company is obligated to pay the bank lenders a loan commitment fee
of between 0.25% to 1.00% of the commitments under the bank credit facility as
of april 15, 1999. the percentage used to calculate the fee will be determined
by reference to the bank lenders' aggregate commmitments and loan exposure under
the bank credit facility as they may be reduced on or before september 30, 2000.
the fee is payable on the earlier of september 30, 2000 and the date the
commitments are terminated and the loans and other amount payable under the bank
credit facility are repaid. (see note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

         borrowings under the bank credit facility are secured by a pledge of
the stock of the company's material subsidiaries, including coleman, and by a
security interest in substantially all of the assets of the company and its
material domestic subsidiaries, other than coleman and its material subsidiaries
except as described below. currently, coleman's inventory and related assets are
pledged to secure its obligations for letters of credit issued for its account

                                       27
<page>
under the bank credit facility. additionally, as security for coleman's note
payable to the company, coleman pledged substantially all of its domestic
assets, other than real property, including 66% of the stock of its direct
foreign subsidiaries and domestic holding companies for its foreign subsidiaries
and all of the stock of its other direct domestic subsidiaries but not the
assets of coleman's subsidiaries. the pledge runs in favor of the company's
lending banks, to which the coleman note has been pledged as security for the
company's obligations to them. upon completion of the coleman merger,
substantially all of coleman's assets and the assets of coleman's domestic
subsidiaries will be pledged to secure the obligations under the bank credit
facility.

         in addition, borrowings under the bank credit facility are guaranteed
by a number of the company's wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries and
these subsidiary guarantees are secured as described above. upon completion of
the coleman merger, coleman and each of its united states subsidiaries will
become guarantors of the obligations under the bank credit facility. to the
extent extensions of credit are made to any subsidiaries of the company, the
obligations of such subsidiaries are guaranteed by the company.

         in addition to the above described financial ratios and tests, the bank
credit facility contains covenants customary for credit facilities of a similar
nature, including limitations on the ability of the company and its
subsidiaries, including coleman, to, among other things:

     o        declare dividends or repurchase stock;

     o        prepay, redeem or repurchase debt, incur liens and engage in
              sale-leaseback transactions;
     o        make loans and investments;
     o        incur additional debt (including revolving loans under the bank
              credit facility);
     o        amend or otherwise alter material agreements or enter into
              restrictive agreements;
     o        make capital and year 2000 compliance expenditures;
     o        engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales;
     o        engage in certain transactions with specified affiliates;
     o        settle certain litigation;
     o        alter its cash management system; and
     o        alter the businesses they conduct.

sunbeam is also required to comply with specified financial covenants and
ratios.

the bank credit facility provides for events of default customary for
transactions of this type, including nonpayment, misrepresentation, breach of
covenant, cross-defaults, bankruptcy, material adverse change arising from
compliance with erisa, material adverse judgments, entering into guarantees and
change of ownership and control. it is also an event of default under the bank
credit facility if the company's registration statement in connection with the
coleman merger is not declared effective by the sec on or before october 30,
1999 (effective as of october 25, 1999, the bank lenders agreed to extend this
date to november 30, 1999), or if the merger does not occur within 25 business
days of the effectiveness of the registration statement or if the cash
consideration--including any payments on account of the exercise of any
appraisal rights, but excluding related legal, accounting and other customary
fees and expenses--to consummate the coleman merger exceeds $87.5 million.
although there can be no assurance, the company anticipates that it will satisfy
these conditions. furthermore, the bank credit facility requires the company to
prepay term loans under the bank credit facility on each of september 30, 1999
and december 31, 1999 to the extent that cash on hand in the company's
concentration accounts plus the aggregate amount of unused revolving loan
commitments on these dates (excluding, for the september measurement date, $52.5
million reserved for the coleman merger), exceeds $115 million and $125 million,
respectively, but the company is not required to prepay more than $69.3 million
in the aggregate as a result of the provision.

         unless waived by the bank lenders, the failure of the company to
satisfy any of the financial ratios and tests contained in the bank credit
facility or the occurrence of any other event of default under the bank credit
facility would entitle the bank lenders to (a) receive a 2.00% increase in the
interest rate applicable to outstanding loans and increase the trade letter of
credit fees to 1.00% and (b) accelerate the maturity of the outstanding
borrowings under the bank credit facility and exercise all or any of their other
rights and remedies. any such acceleration or other exercise of rights and
remedies would likely have a material adverse effect on the company.

         the bank credit facility also includes provisions for the deferral of
the 1999 scheduled term loan payments of $69.3 million until april 10, 2000 as a
result of the satisfaction by the company on may 14, 1999 of the agreed upon
conditions to the deferral. (see note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

                                       28
<page>
cash flows

         as of june 30, 1999, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $51.1
million and total debt of $2.3 billion. because the waivers granted by the
company's lenders expire on april 10, 2000, the borrowings under the bank credit
facility, as well as other debt containing cross-default provisions, are
classified as short-term in the june 30, 1999 condensed consolidated balance
sheet. cash used in operating activities during the first half of 1999 was $34.5
million compared to $217.6 million in the first half of 1998. this change is
primarily attributable to working capital improvements and improved operating
results. the majority of the working capital improvements are attributable to
the company's management of inventory levels. inventories generated
approximately $78 million of additional cash flow versus the same period in the
prior year. the inventory change in the 1998 period reflects inventory changes
of the acquired companies from their respective dates of acquisition. increases
in accounts payable generated approximately $41 million of cash in the first six
months of 1999 whereas payables used approximately $25 million of cash in the
same period of 1998, resulting in an improvement in cash flow period-to-period
of approximately $66 million. the increase in payables in the current period
resulted from payables balances having been reduced to a low level by year-end
1998. this reduction in payables, which included an effort to reduce delinquent
payables, began in the second quarter of 1998. these cash flow improvements are
partially offset by increases in accounts receivable. the increase in
receivables during the first half of 1999 is largely due to the seasonal selling
period of the company's outdoor leisure division which experienced a stronger
second quarter in 1999 than in 1998. the company participates in an accounts
receivable securitization program to finance a portion of its accounts
receivable. see note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

         in the first half of 1999, cash used in investing activities was driven
by capital expenditures of $33.6 million, primarily for information systems,
including expenditures for year 2000 readiness and equipment and tooling for new
products. capital spending in the comparable 1998 period was $21.2 million and
was primarily for several manufacturing efficiency initiatives, equipment and
tooling for new products and management information systems and software
licenses. the new product capital spending in the 1998 period principally
related to the appliance category and included costs related to water and air
filtration products which were discontinued in the second quarter, blenders,
standmixers and irons. cash used in investing activities in the first half of
1998 also reflects $379.2 million for the acquisitions of the shares of coleman
from a subsidiary of macandrews &amp; forbes, as well as the acquisitions of
signature brands and first alert. the company anticipates 1999 capital spending
to be less than 5% of net sales. capital expenditures in the current year are
expected to primarily relate to information systems and related support,
including expenditures for year 2000 readiness, new product introductions and
capacity additions.

         cash provided by financing activities totaled $58.0 million in the
first half of 1999 and reflected net borrowings under the company's bank credit
facility. cash provided by financing activities in the first half of 1998 was
$608.6 million and reflected net proceeds from the debentures of $729.6 million,
the cancellation and repayment of all outstanding balances under the company's
$250 million september 1996 revolving credit facility, the repayment of certain
debt assumed in connection with the coleman, signature brands and first alert
acquisitions, and the early extinguishment of the $75.0 million hattiesburg
bond. in addition, cash provided by financing activities in 1998 is net of $25.1
million of financing fees related to sunbeam's $1.7 billion bank credit facility
and $19.6 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options. (see note 3
to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

         at june 30, 1999, standby and commercial letters of credit aggregated
$67.9 million and were predominately for insurance, pension, environmental,
workers' compensation, and international trade activities. in addition, as of
june 30, 1999, surety bonds with a contract value of $66.5 million were
outstanding largely for the company's pension plans and as a result of
litigation judgments that are currently under appeal. for additional information
relating to the debentures, the bank credit facility and the repayment of debt,
see note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

         the company expects to acquire the remaining equity interest in coleman
in a merger transaction in which the existing coleman minority shareholders will
receive 0.5677 of a share of the company's common stock and $6.44 in cash for
each share of coleman common stock outstanding. in addition, unexercised options
under coleman's stock option plans will be cashed out at a price per share equal
to the difference between $27.50 and the exercise price of such options. the
company expects to issue approximately 6.7 million shares of common stock and
expend approximately $87 million in cash, including cash paid to option holders,
to complete the coleman transaction. under a proposed settlement of certain
litigation relating to the coleman merger, the company will also issue warrants
to purchase up to 4.98 million shares of the company's common stock to the
coleman public stockholders and the plaintiff's litigation counsel upon
consummation of the coleman merger. (see notes 2 and 10 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.) although there can be no assurance, it is
anticipated that the coleman merger will occur in the second half of fiscal
1999.

                                       29
<page>
         the company believes its borrowing capacity under the bank credit
facility, cash flow from the combined operations of the company and its acquired
companies, existing cash and cash equivalent balances, and its receivable
securitization program will be sufficient to support working capital needs,
capital expenditure and year 2000 compliance spending, and debt service through
april 10, 2000. the company intends to negotiate with its lenders on an
amendment to the bank credit facility, negotiate with its lenders on further
waiver of such covenants and other terms or refinance the bank credit facility.
any decisions with respect to such amendment, waiver, or refinancing will be
made based on a review from time to time of the advisability of particular
transactions. there can be no assurance that an amendment, further waiver of
existing covenants and other terms, or refinancing will be entered into by april
10, 2000. the failure to obtain such an amendment, further waiver or debt
refinancing would likely result in violation of existing covenants and
compliance with other terms, which would permit the bank lenders to accelerate
the maturity of all outstanding borrowings under the bank credit facility, which
would likely have a material adverse effect on the company. accordingly, debt
related to the bank credit facility and all debt containing cross-default
provisions is classified as current in the balance sheet at june 30, 1999.

         in may, 1998, the nyse advised the company that it did not meet the
continuing listing standards of the nyse because the company did not have
tangible net assets of at least $12 million and average annual net income of at
least $600,000 for 1995, 1996 and 1997. representatives from the company met
with nyse officials, and in march 1999, the nyse informed the company that the
company's common stock would not be delisted at that time, although the nyse
would, however, continue to monitor sunbeam's financial condition and
operations. on august 5, 1999, the nyse advised the company that the nyse had
revised its continuing listing standards, and that the company is in compliance
with the revised standards.

         in april, 1999 the nyse advised coleman that it did not meet the nyse's
continuing listing standards because coleman did not have tangible net assets of
at least $12 million as of september 30, 1998 and average annual net income of
at least $600,000 for 1995, 1996 and 1997. at that time, coleman requested the
nyse to continue to list the coleman common stock until completion of the
merger. the nyse subsequently advised coleman that coleman also failed to
satisfy certain non-financial continuing listing standards. on august 5, 1999,
the nyse advised the coleman that the nyse had revised its continuing listing
standards, and that coleman is in compliance with the revised financial
standards. coleman and the nyse have agreed upon a program whereby coleman will
correct the deficiencies in its non-financial continuing listing standards by
the end of 1999. coleman is currently complying with such program. if coleman
were to be delisted from the nyse, it would adversely affect coleman's ability
to sell its capital stock to third parties or use its capital stock as
collateral for loans. sunbeam's bank credit facility currently restricts coleman
from taking such actions.

         by letter dated june 17, 1998, the staff of the division of enforcement
of the sec advised the company that it was conducting an informal inquiry into
the company's accounting policies and procedures and requested that the company
produce documents. on july 2, 1998, the sec issued a formal order of private
investigation, designating officers to take testimony and pursuant to which a
subpoena was served on sunbeam requiring the production of documents. on
november 4, 1998, the company received another sec subpoena requiring the
production of additional documents. the company has provided numerous documents
to the sec staff and continues to cooperate with the sec staff. the company has,
however declined to provide the sec with material that the company believes is
subject to the attorney-client privilege and the work product immunity. the
company cannot predict the term of such investigation or its potential outcome.

         the company is involved in significant litigation, including class and
derivative actions, relating to events which led to the restatement of its
consolidated financial statements, the issuance of the macandrews &amp; forbes
warrant, the sale of the debentures and the employment agreements of messrs.
dunlap and kersh. sunbeam intends to vigorously defend each of the actions, but
cannot predict the outcome and is not currently able to evaluate the likelihood
of the company's success in each case or the range of potential loss. however,
if the company were to lose these suits, judgments would likely have a material
adverse effect on the company's financial position, results of operations and
cash flows. additionally, the company's insurance carriers have filed various
suits requesting a declaratory judgment that the directors' and officers'
liability insurance policies for excess coverage was invalid and/or had been
properly canceled by the carriers or have advised sunbeam of their intent to
deny coverage under such policies. the company intends to pursue recovery from
all of its insurers if damages are awarded against the company or its
indemnified officers and/or directors under any of the foregoing actions and to
recover attorneys' fees covered under those policies. the company's failure to
obtain such insurance recoveries following an adverse judgment against the
company on any of the foregoing actions could have a material adverse effect on
the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

         amounts accrued for litigation matters represent the anticipated costs
(damages and/or settlement amounts) in connection with pending litigation and
claims and related anticipated legal fees. the costs are accrued when it is both
probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and
the amount can be reasonably estimated. the accruals are based upon the
company's assessment, after consultation with counsel, of probable loss based on
the facts and circumstances of each case, the legal issues involved, the nature
of the claim made, the nature of the damages sought and

                                       30
<page>
any relevant information about the plaintiff, and other significant factors
which vary by case. when it is not possible to estimate a specific expected
amount of loss to be incurred, the company evaluates the range of possible
losses and records the minimum end of the range. as of june 30, 1999 the company
had established accruals for litigation matters of $28.7 million (representing
$12.5 million and $16.2 million for estimated damages or settlement amounts and
legal fees, respectively) and $31.2 million as of december 31, 1998
(representing $17.5 million and $13.7 million for estimated damages or
settlements and legal fees, respectively.) it is anticipated that the $28.7
million accrual will be paid as follows: $16.3 million in 1999, $10.3 million in
2000 and $2.1 million in 2001. the company believes, based on facts known to the
company at june 30, 1999, that anticipated probable costs of litigation matters
existing as of june 30, 1999 have been adequately reserved to the extent
determinable.

         as a consumer goods manufacturer and distributor, the company faces the
constant risks of product liability and related lawsuits involving claims for
substantial money damages, product recall actions and higher than anticipated
rates of warranty returns or other returns of goods. these claims could result
in liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on the company's
financial position, results of operations and cash flows. some of the product
lines the company acquired in the 1998 acquisitions have increased its exposure
to product liability and related claims.

         the company and its subsidiaries are also involved in various lawsuits
from time to time that sunbeam considers to be ordinary routine litigation
incidental to its business. in the opinion of the company, the resolution of
these routine matters, and of matters relating to prior operations, individually
or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the financial
position, results of operations or cash flows of the company.

         see note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

new accounting standards

         effective january 1, 1999, the company adopted statement of position
98-1, accounting for the costs of computer software developed or obtained for
internal use ("sop 98-1"). sop 98-1 requires computer software costs associated
with internal use software to be expensed as incurred until certain
capitalization criteria are met. adoption of this statement did not have a
material impact on the company's consolidated financial position, results of
operations, or cash flows.

         in june 1998, the financial accounting standards board issued statement
of financial accounting standards no. 133 ("sfas no. 133"), accounting for
derivative instruments and hedging activities, which, as amended, is effective
for fiscal years beginning after june 15, 2000. sfas no. 133 requires the
recognition of all derivatives in the consolidated balance sheets as either
assets or liabilities measured at fair value. the company has not yet determined
the impact sfas no. 133 will have on its consolidated financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows.

year 2000 readiness disclosure

         the company is preparing for the impact of the year 2000 on its
operations. year 2000 issues could include potential problems in the information
technology ("it") and non-it systems that the company uses in its operations and
problems in the company's products. year 2000 system failures could affect
routine but critical operations such as forecasting, purchasing, production,
order processing, inventory control, shipping, billing and collection. in
addition, system failures could affect the company's security, payroll
operations, or employee safety. the company may also be exposed to potential
risks from third parties with whom the company interacts who fail to adequately
address their own year 2000 issues.

sunbeam's approach to year 2000 issues

         while the company's year 2000 readiness planning has been underway for
over one year, during the third quarter of 1998 the company established a
cross-functional project team consisting of senior managers, assisted by three
external consulting firms which were retained to provide consulting services and
to assist the company in implementing its year 2000 strategy. this team is
sponsored by the company's chief financial officer who reports directly to the
company's chief executive officer on this issue. the audit committee of the
board of directors is advised periodically on the status of the company's year
2000 readiness program.

                                       31
<page>
         the year 2000 project team has developed a phased approach to identify
and resolve year 2000 issues with many of these activities conducted in
parallel. the company's approach and the anticipated timing of each phase are
described below.

         phase 1 - inventory and assessment: during the first phase of sunbeam's
year 2000 readiness program, the company established a year 2000 program
management office ("pmo") to centralize the management of all of the company's
year 2000 projects. through this office, the company developed a corporate-wide,
uniform strategy for assessing and addressing the year 2000 issues.

         the company has completed an inventory of its hardware and software
systems, manufacturing equipment, electronic data interchange,
telecommunications and other technical assets potentially subject to year 2000
problems, such as security systems and controls for lighting, air conditioning,
ventilation and facility access. this inventory was then entered into the
company's year 2000 database along with a determination of the item's level of
criticality to operations. for those inventory items anticipated to have a
significant effect on the business if not corrected, the company's year 2000
program envisions repair or replacement and testing of such items. all
information relative to each item is being tracked in the company's year 2000
database. the company completed most of this phase during the third and fourth
quarters of 1998. the company has completed a review of the readiness of
embedded microprocessors in its products and determined that none of the
company's products have year 2000 date sensitive systems.

         phase 2 - correction and testing: the second phase of sunbeam's year
2000 readiness program is structured to replace, upgrade or remediate (as
necessary) those items identified during phase 1 as requiring corrective action.

         sunbeam relies on its it functions to perform many tasks that are
critical to its operations. significant transactions that could be impacted by
not being ready for any year 2000 issues include, among others, purchases of
materials, production management, order entry and fulfillment, payroll
processing and billings and collections. systems and applications that have been
identified by sunbeam to date as not currently year 2000 ready and which are
critical to sunbeam's operations include its financial software systems, which
process the order entry, purchasing, production management, general ledger,
accounts receivable, and accounts payable functions, payroll applications, and
critical applications in the company's manufacturing and distribution
facilities, such as warehouse management applications. recognizing how dependent
the entire company is on it, sunbeam decided in 1997 to replace its primary
business applications with a uniform international business and accounting
information system to address the systems or applications listed above as well
as to improve internal reporting processes. based upon representations from the
manufacturer that the current version of this uniform information system is year
2000 ready, the company has been actively upgrading its business sites that
currently utilize this uniform system to the year 2000 ready version. in
addition to the pre-acquisition sunbeam locations which had already utilized an
earlier non-year 2000 ready version of this uniform business and accounting
information system, eastpak, mr. coffee, health-o-meter and sunbeam latin
america are replacing their current non-year 2000 ready systems with this new
uniform system. in addition, coleman europe is also replacing key business
components with this new system.

         the company is also actively replacing and/or upgrading a number of
business systems that are not year 2000 ready, including those that use
localized business system packages which were not candidates to be replaced by
the uniform business and accounting information system. for example, at coleman
approximately 2,000 mainframe software programs that are used in lieu of
sunbeam's uniform business and accounting information system have been
remediated and tested to be year 2000 ready. with respect to the company's
non-it systems (for example, time and attendance, security, and in-line
manufacturing hardware) the company is actively analyzing these items to assess
any year 2000 issues. to date, no material issues have been discovered, and the
company will continue to review, test and correct, if necessary, such items.

         sunbeam has largely implemented the corrective work described above and
expects to complete final testing and implementation of such systems in the
third quarter and early fourth quarter of 1999.

         phase 3 - customers, suppliers and business partners: the third phase
of sunbeam's year 2000 readiness program which was initiated during the third
and fourth quarters of 1998 is designed to assess and interact with the
company's customers, suppliers, and business partners. as part of this effort,
the company surveyed 1,100 vendors and suppliers, a portion of which did not
provide an initial response. during the first half of 1999, "high risk" vendors
were contacted directly and the number of non-respondents has since decreased
substantially. in fact, currently only 7% of the company's vendors who were
surveyed are categorized as "high risk" which includes non-respondents. based on
the most recent responses to the survey and continued evaluation, the company
believes that there is only a low to a medium risk of year 2000 issues for the
remaining vendors. the company will continue to monitor the year 2000 progress
of the

                                       32
<page>
"high risk" vendors and has re-surveyed these companies to determine the
appropriate course of action. furthermore, the company is in the process of
contacting alternate vendors who are year 2000 ready to replace critical vendors
deemed "high risk" in the event that these vendors are not found to be year 2000
ready. the company is in the process of completing a verification of the year
2000 survey responses for the most critical vendors to the company.

          sunbeam has responded to numerous customer inquiries about the
company's year 2000 readiness. the company has verified that all of the
company's major customers have planned programs to deal with year 2000 issues
and is currently completing the process of contacting its major customers to
confirm they are implementing their planned programs to address year 2000
issues. in order to improve the company's communication with its customers,
suppliers and business partners, the company has set up a sunbeam year 2000
telephone number and is providing year 2000 information on a company web site.

         phase 4 - contingency planning: this phase involves contingency
planning for unresolved year 2000 issues, particularly any issues arising with
third party suppliers. the company's year 2000 readiness program is ongoing and
its ultimate scope, as well as the consideration of contingency plans, will
continue to be evaluated as new information becomes available. the company has
designed its year 2000 contingency plan and is in the process of implementing
it. the development of the contingency plan included a process whereby the
company's critical it and non-it systems were evaluated for year 2000 readiness.
as a result of this evaluation, the company does not expect to require
additional operational equipment or significant process contingency measures.
although the company does not currently believe there is significant risk
associated with its third party suppliers, the contingency plan includes the
continuing evaluation of the readiness of the company's suppliers and
consideration of the company's inventory requirements to protect against supply
disruption. this evaluation process may result in an increase in inventory
during the later months of 1999.

the risks of sunbeam's year 2000 approach

         the independent consultants assisting the company in its year 2000
readiness program have reviewed and concurred with the company's approach, have
assisted in developing cost estimates and have monitored costs for the largest
single component (upgrade or installation of the company's uniform system) of
the company's year 2000 program. since sunbeam's year 2000 program was developed
and is monitored with the help of independent consultants, the company did not
engage another independent third party to verify the program's overall approach
or total cost as the company believes that the company's exposure in this regard
is mitigated. in addition, through the use of external third-party diagnostic
software packages that are designed to analyze the year 2000 readiness of
business software programs, the company was able to identify potential year 2000
issues at coleman. given this, the company believes that it has also mitigated
its risk by validating and verifying key program components.

         management believes that, although there are significant systems that
are being modified or replaced, including the uniform business and accounting
information system, sunbeam's information systems environment will be made year
2000 ready prior to january 1, 2000. sunbeam's failure to timely complete such
corrective work could have a material adverse impact on the company.

         with respect to customers, suppliers and business partners, the failure
of certain of these third parties to become year 2000 ready could also have a
material adverse impact on sunbeam. for example, the failure of certain of the
company's principal suppliers to have year 2000 ready internal systems could
impact the company's ability to manufacture and/or ship its products or to
maintain adequate inventory levels for production.

         at this time, the company believes that the most likely "worst-case"
scenario relating to year 2000 involves potential disruptions in areas in which
the company's operations must rely on third parties, such as suppliers, whose
systems may not work properly after january 1, 2000. while such system failures
could either directly or indirectly affect important operations of the company
and its subsidiaries in a significant manner, the company cannot at present
estimate either the likelihood or the potential cost of such failures. subject
to the nature of the goods or services provided to the company by third parties
whose operations are not made ready for year 2000 issues, the impact on
sunbeam's operations could be material if appropriate contingency plans cannot
be developed prior to january 1, 2000.

         the nature and focus of the company's efforts to address the year 2000
problem may be revised periodically as interim goals are achieved or new issues
are identified. in addition, it is important to note that the description of the
company's efforts and assessments necessarily involves estimates and projections
with respect to activities required in the future. these estimates and
projections are subject to change as work continues, and such changes may be
substantial.

                                       33
<page>
the costs to address the company's year 2000 issues

         through the first half of 1999, including costs incurred in 1998,
sunbeam had expended approximately $50 million to address year 2000 issues of
which approximately 45% was recorded as capital expenditures and the remainder
as sg&amp;a; expense. sunbeam's current assessment of the total costs to address and
remedy year 2000 issues and enhance its operating systems, including costs for
the acquired companies, is approximately $60 million. this estimate includes the
following categories:

 o   uniform international business and accounting systems         $  40 million
 o   localized business system software upgrades and remediation   $   9 million
 o   year 2000 readiness assessment and tracking                   $   6 million
 o   upgrade of personal computers and related software            $   5 million

           the amount to be incurred for year 2000 issues during 1999 of
approximately $41 million represents over 50% of the company's total 1999 budget
for information systems and related support, including year 2000 costs. a large
majority of these costs are expected to be incremental expenditures that will
not recur in the year 2000 or thereafter. fees and expenses related to third
party consultants, who are involved in the pmo as well as the modification and
replacement of software, represent approximately 75% of the total estimated
cost. the balance of the total estimated cost relates primarily to software
license fees and new hardware, but excludes the costs associated with company
employees. sunbeam expects these expenditures to be financed through operating
cash flows or borrowings, as applicable. a significant portion of these
expenditures will enhance sunbeam's operating systems in addition to resolving
the year 2000 issues. as sunbeam completes its assessment of the year 2000
issues, the actual expenditures incurred or to be incurred may differ materially
from the amounts shown above. the bank credit facility does not permit the
company to spend more than $50 million on year 2000 testing and remediation in
1999.

         because year 2000 readiness is critical to the business, sunbeam has
redeployed some resources from non-critical system enhancements to address year
2000 issues, thereby deferring the non-critical systems enhancements. the
company does not expect these redeployments and deferrals to have a material
impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash
flows.

cautionary statements

         certain statements in this quarterly report on form 10-q/a may
constitute "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995, as the same may be amended from time
to time (herein the "act") and in releases made by the sec from time to time.
such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance, or
achievements of the company to be materially different from any future results,
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. statements that are not historical fact are forward-looking
statements. forward-looking statements can be identified by, among other things,
the use of forward-looking language, such as the word "estimate," "project,"
"intend," "expect," "believe," "may," "well," "should," "seeks," "plans,"
"scheduled to," "anticipates," or "intends," or the negative of these terms or
other variations of these terms or comparable language, or by discussions of
strategy or intentions, when used in connection with the company, including its
management. these forward-looking statements were based on various factors and
were derived utilizing numerous important assumptions and other important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
forward-looking statements. these cautionary statements are being made pursuant
to the act, with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor"
provisions of the act. the company cautions investors that any forward-looking
statements made by the company are not guarantees of future performance.
important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements with
respect to the company include, but are not limited to risks associated with (i)
high leverage, (ii) sunbeam's ability to comply with the terms of its bank
credit facility, including financial covenants and covenants relating to the
completion of the coleman merger, or to enter into an amendment to its bank
credit facility containing financial covenants which it and its bank lenders
find mutually acceptable, or to continue to obtain waivers from its bank lenders
with respect to its compliance with the existing covenants contained in such
agreement, and to continue to have access to its revolving credit facility, or
sunbeam's ability to refinance its indebtedness at acceptable rates with
acceptable terms, (iii) sunbeam's ability to integrate the recently acquired
coleman, signature brands and first alert companies and expenses associated with
such integration, (iv) sunbeam's sourcing of products from international
vendors, including the ability to select reliable vendors and to avoid delays in
shipments, (v)

                                       34
<page>
sunbeam's ability to maintain and increase market share for its products at
acceptable margins, (vi) sunbeam's ability to successfully introduce new
products and to provide on-time delivery and a satisfactory level of customer
service, (vii) changes in domestic and/or foreign laws and regulations,
including changes in tax rates, accounting standards, environmental laws,
occupational, health and safety laws, (viii) access to foreign markets together
with foreign economic conditions, including currency fluctuations and trade,
monetary and/or tax policies, (ix) uncertainty as to the effect of competition
in existing and potential future lines of business, (x) fluctuations in the cost
and availability of raw materials and/or products, (xi) changes in the
availability and costs of labor, (xii) effectiveness of advertising and
marketing programs, (xiii) economic uncertainty in japan, korea and other asian
countries, as well as in mexico, venezuela, and other latin american countries,
(xiv) product quality, including excess warranty costs, product liability
expenses and costs of product recalls, (xv) weather conditions which can have an
unfavorable impact upon sales of certain of sunbeam's products, (xvi) the
numerous lawsuits against the company and the sec investigation into the
company's accounting practices and policies, and uncertainty regarding the
company's coverage on its directors' and officers' liability insurance, (xvii)
the possibility of a recession in the united states or other countries resulting
in a decrease in consumer demands for the company's products, (xviii) actions by
competitors including business combinations, new product offerings and marketing
and promotional activities, and (xix) failure of the company and/or its
suppliers of goods or services to timely complete the remediation of computer
systems to effectively process year 2000 information. other factors and
assumptions not included in the foregoing may cause the company's actual results
to materially differ from those projected. the company assumes no obligation to
update any forward-looking statements or these cautionary statements.

                                       35
<page>
part ii - other information

item 1.  legal proceedings

         on april 7, 1998, a purported derivative action was filed in the
circuit court for the fifteenth judicial circuit in and for palm beach county,
florida against sunbeam and some of its present and former directors and former
officers. the action alleged that the individual defendants breached their
fiduciary duties and wasted corporate assets when sunbeam granted stock options
on or about february 2, 1998 at an exercise price of $36.85 to three of its
officers and directors who were subsequently terminated by sunbeam. on june 25,
1998, all defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to make
a pre-suit demand on sunbeam's board of directors. on october 22, 1998, the
plaintiff amended the complaint against all but one of the defendants named in
the original complaint. on february 19, 1999, plaintiffs filed a second amended
derivative complaint nominally on behalf of sunbeam against some of its present
and former directors and former officers and arthur andersen. the second amended
complaint alleges, among other things, that messrs. dunlap and kersh, sunbeam's
former chairman and chief executive officer and former chief financial officer,
respectively, caused sunbeam to employ fraudulent accounting procedures in order
to enable them to secure new employment contracts, and seeks a declaration that
the individual defendants have violated fiduciary duties, an injunction against
the payment of compensation to messrs. dunlap and kersh or the imposition of a
constructive trust on such payments, and unspecified money damages. the
defendants have each moved to dismiss the second amended complaint in whole or
in part.

         on june 25, 1998, four purported class actions were filed in the court
of chancery of the state of delaware in new castle county by minority
stockholders of coleman against coleman, sunbeam and certain of sunbeam's and
coleman's present and former officers and directors. an additional class action
was filed on august 10, 1998, against the same parties. the complaints in these
class actions allege, in essence, that the existing exchange ratio for the
proposed coleman merger is no longer fair to coleman minority stockholders as a
result of the decline in the market value of the company's common stock. on
october 21, 1998, sunbeam announced that it had entered into a memorandum of
understanding to settle, subject to court approval, the class actions the court
hearing on the settlement was held on september 29, 1999 but the court has not
yet ruled on the settlement. under the terms of the proposed settlement, if
approved by the court, sunbeam will issue to coleman minority stockholders and
plaintiffs' counsel in this action warrants to purchase up to approximately 4.98
million shares of sunbeam common stock at $7 per share, subject to anti-dilution
adjustments. coleman minority stockholders who elect an appraisal under delaware
law will not receive warrants. these warrants will generally have the same terms
as the warrant issued to the macandrews &amp; forbes subsidiary and will be issued
when the coleman merger is consummated, which is now expected to occur during
the second half of 1999. issuance of these warrants will be accounted for as
additional purchase consideration. there can be no assurance that the court will
approve the settlement as proposed.

         on september 16, 1998, an action was filed in the 56th judicial
district court of galveston county, texas alleging various claims in violation
of the texas securities act and texas business and commercial code as well as
common law fraud as a result of sunbeam's alleged misstatements and omissions
regarding sunbeam's financial condition and prospects during a period beginning
may 1, 1998 and ending june 16, 1998, in which the u.s. national bank of
galveston, kempner capital management, inc. and legacy trust company engaged in
transactions in sunbeam common stock on their own behalf and on behalf of their
respective clients. sunbeam is the only named defendant in this action. the
complaint requests recovery of compensatory damages, punitive damages and
expenses in an unspecified amount. this action was removed to the u.s. district
court for the southern district of texas and subsequently transferred to the
southern district of florida and consolidated with the consolidated federal
actions. plaintiffs in this action have objected to the consolidation and have
sought reconsideration by the southern district of florida of the order of the
southern district of texas denying plaintiffs' motion to remand the case to
state court and transferring it to florida. a similar suit was brought by the
same group of plaintiffs in the above action against arthur andersen. in that
action, the plaintiffs allege that arthur andersen violated the texas securities
act, committed statutory and common law fraud and was negligent in its audits of
sunbeam's 1996 and 1997 financial statements. in september 1999, arthur andersen
had filed a motion for leave to join sunbeam and certain of its former officers
as responsible third parties and contribution defendants, which motion was
denied.

         on october 30, 1998, a class action lawsuit was filed on behalf of
certain purchasers of the debentures in the u.s. district court for the southern
district of florida against sunbeam and some of sunbeam's former officers and
directors, alleging violations of the federal securities laws and common law
fraud. the complaint alleges that sunbeam's offering memorandum used for the
marketing of the debentures contained false and misleading information regarding

                                       36
<page>
sunbeam's financial position and that the defendants engaged in a plan to
inflate sunbeam's earnings for the purpose of defrauding the plaintiffs and
others. the plaintiffs seek a declaration that defendants violated federal
securities laws and either unspecified monetary damages or rescission of their
purchase of the debentures. this action has been transferred to the southern
district of florida, where the consolidated federal actions are pending, and the
parties have negotiated a proposed coordination plan in order to coordinate
proceedings in this action with those in the consolidated federal actions.

         sunbeam has been named as a defendant in an action filed in the
district court of tarrant county, texas, 48th judicial district, on november 20,
1998. sunbeam was served in this action through the secretary of state of texas
on january 15, 1999. the plaintiffs in this action are purchasers of the
debentures. the plaintiffs allege that sunbeam violated the texas securities act
and the texas business &amp; commercial code and committed state common law fraud by
materially misstating the financial position of sunbeam in connection with the
offering and sale of the debentures. the complaint seeks rescission, as well as
compensatory and exemplary damages in an unspecified amount. sunbeam specially
appeared to assert an objection to the texas court's exercise of personal
jurisdiction over sunbeam, and a hearing on this objection took place on april
15, 1999. on april 23, 1999, the court entered an order granting sunbeam's
special appearance and dismissing the case without prejudice. the plaintiffs
moved for reconsideration of the court order, which motion the court denied on
may 24, 1999. the plaintiffs have appealed the order dismissing the case to the
texas court of appeals, and a hearing on such appeal took place on october 20,
1999.

         on february 9, 1999, messrs. dunlap and kersh filed with the american
arbitration association demands for arbitration of claims under their respective
employment agreements with sunbeam. messrs. dunlap and kersh are requesting a
finding by the arbitrators that sunbeam terminated their employment without
cause and that they should be awarded the corresponding benefits provided by
their respective employment agreements. on march 12, 1999, sunbeam asked the
circuit court for the fifteenth judicial circuit in and for palm beach county,
florida to issue an injunction prohibiting messrs. dunlap and kersh from
pursuing their arbitration proceedings against sunbeam on the grounds, among
others, that the simultaneous litigation of the action filed in that court on
april 7, 1998, described above, and the arbitration proceedings would subject
sunbeam to the threat of inconsistent adjudications with respect to certain
rights to compensation asserted by messrs. dunlap and kersh and would cause
irreparable harm to sunbeam and its stockholders. on march 19, 1999, the
plaintiff in the april 7, 1998 action discussed above moved for an injunction on
similar grounds. on may 11, 1999, the court denied the motions for a preliminary
injunction filed by sunbeam and the plaintiff. sunbeam has answered the
arbitration demands of messrs. dunlap and kersh and has filed counterclaims
seeking, among other things, the return of all consideration paid, or to be
paid, under the february 1998 employment agreements between sunbeam and messrs.
dunlap and kersh. an answer was filed by messrs. dunlap and kersh generally
denying sunbeam's counterclaim. discovery is pending.

         on may 24, 1999, an action naming sunbeam as defendant was filed in the
circuit court for ozaukee county, wisconsin. prior to service of the complaint,
the plaintiff dismissed its claims, voluntarily, without prejudice. the
plaintiff in this action was a purchaser of the debentures. the plaintiff
alleged that sunbeam violated the wisconsin uniform securities act and committed
acts of false advertising and misrepresentation in connection with the offering
and sale of the debentures. the plaintiff sought rescission, as well as
compensatory and exemplary damages in an unspecified amount.

         on september 13, 1999, an action naming the company and arthur andersen
as defendants was filed in the circuit court for montgomery county, alabama. the
plaintiffs in this action are purchasers of sunbeam common stock during the
period march 19, 1998 through may 6, 1998. the plaintiffs allege, among other
things, that the defendants violated the alabama security laws and sec rule
10b-5. the plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages in an unspecified
amount. sunbeam has removed this case to the u.s. district court for the
district of alabama. in addition, arthur andersen has filed a cross claim
against the company for contribution and indemnity.

         sunbeam intends to vigorously defend each of the foregoing lawsuits
other than those as to which a memorandum of understanding to settle has been
reached, but cannot predict the outcome and is not currently able to evaluate
the likelihood of sunbeam's success in each case or the range of potential loss.
however, if sunbeam were to lose these lawsuits, judgments would likely have a
material adverse effect on sunbeam's consolidated financial position, results of
operations and cash flows.

         on march 23, 1999, messrs. dunlap and kersh filed a complaint in the
court of chancery of the state of delaware seeking an order directing sunbeam to
advance attorneys' fees and other expenses incurred in connection with various
state and federal class and derivative actions and an investigation instituted
by the sec. the complaint alleges that such advancements are required by
sunbeam's by-laws and by a forbearance agreement entered into between

                                       37
<page>
sunbeam and messrs. dunlap and kersh in august, 1998. a trial of this summary
proceeding was held on june 15 and 16, 1999. on june 23, 1999, the court issued
a memorandum opinion directing sunbeam to pay about $1.4 million on account of
expenses incurred to date and to advance the reasonable future expenses in those
actions and investigations. messrs. dunlap and kersh have agreed to repay all
amounts advanced to them if it is ultimately determined that they are not
entitled to indemnification under delaware law.

         on july 2, 1998, the american alliance insurance company filed suit
against sunbeam in the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york
requesting a declaratory judgment of the court that the directors' and officers'
liability insurance policy for excess coverage issued by american alliance was
invalid and/or had been properly canceled by american alliance insurance
company. sunbeam's motion to transfer such action to the federal district court
in which the consolidated federal actions are currently pending was denied.
sunbeam has filed a motion with the judicial panel on multidistrict litigation
to transfer this action for coordination or consolidation of pretrial
proceedings with the various actions pending in the southern district of
florida. that motion was granted. american alliance has filed a motion for
summary judgment on the ground that coverage was never bound. sunbeam has
opposed that motion. on october 20, 1998, an action was filed by federal
insurance company in the u.s. district court for the middle district of florida
requesting the same relief as that requested by american in the previously filed
action as to additional coverage levels under sunbeam's directors' and officers'
liability insurance policy. this action has been transferred to the u.s.
district court for the southern district of florida and is currently in
discovery. sunbeam is seeking a stay of discovery to coordinate discovery in
this action with any discovery that may occur in the consolidated federal
actions. plaintiff has moved to compel production of various documents. on
december 22, 1998, an action was filed by executive risk indemnity, inc. in the
circuit court of the seventeenth judicial circuit in and for broward county,
florida requesting the same relief as that requested by american and federal in
their previously filed actions as to additional coverage levels under sunbeam's
directors' and officers' liability insurance policy. on april 15, 1999 sunbeam
filed an action in the u.s. district court for the southern district of florida
against national union fire insurance company of pittsburgh, pa, gulf insurance
company and st. paul mercury insurance company requesting, among other things, a
declaratory judgment that national union is not entitled to rescind its
directors' and officers' liability insurance policies to sunbeam and a
declaratory judgment that sunbeam is entitled to coverage from these insurance
companies for the various lawsuits described herein under directors' and
officers' liability insurance policies issued by each of the defendants. in
response to sunbeam's complaint, defendants st. paul and gulf have answered and
asserted counterclaims seeking rescission and declaratory relief that no
coverage is available to sunbeam. sunbeam has denied the allegations of gulf's
and st. paul's counterclaims. defendant national union has filed a motion to
dismiss or stay the claims filed by sunbeam against national union on the basis,
among others, that sunbeam must submit the dispute to arbitration or mediation.
sunbeam has filed a response opposing that motion. sunbeam intends to pursue
recovery from all of its insurers if damages are awarded against sunbeam or its
indemnified officers and/or directors under any of the foregoing actions and to
recover attorneys' fees covered under those policies. sunbeam's failure to
obtain such insurance recoveries following an adverse judgment in any of the
actions described above could have a material adverse effect on sunbeam's
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

         the company and its subsidiaries are also involved in various other
lawsuits arising from time to time which the company considers to be ordinary
routine litigation incidental to its business. in the opinion of the company,
the resolution of these routine matters, and of certain matters relating to
prior operations, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material
adverse effect upon the financial position, results of operations or cash flows
of the company.

         amounts accrued for litigation matters represent the anticipated costs
(damages and/or settlement amounts) in connection with pending litigation and
claims and related anticipated legal fees. the costs are accrued when it is both
probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and
the amount can be reasonably estimated. the accruals are based upon the
company's assessment, after consultation with counsel, of probable loss based on
the facts and circumstances of each case, the legal issues involved, the nature
of the claim made, the nature of the damages sought and any relevant information
about the plaintiff, and other significant factors which vary by case. when it
is not possible to estimate a specific expected cost to be incurred, sunbeam
evaluates the range of probable losses and records the minimum end of the range.
as of june 30, 1999, the company had established accruals for litigation matters
of $28.7 million (representing $12.5 million and $16.2 million for estimated
damages or settlement amounts and legal fees, respectively). as of december 31,
1998, the company had established accruals for litigation matters of $31.2
million (representing $17.5 million and $13.7 million for estimated damages or
settlements and legal fees, respectively.) it is anticipated that the $28.7
million accrual will be paid as follows: $16.3 million in 1999, $10.3 million in
2000 and $2.1 million in 2001. the company believes, based on infromation known
to the company on june 30, 1999, that anticipated probable costs of litigation
matters existing as of june 30, 1999 have been adequately reserved to the extent
determinable.

                                       38
<page>
products liability

         as a consumer goods manufacturer and distributor, sunbeam faces the
constant risks of product liability and related lawsuits involving claims for
substantial money damages, product recall actions and higher than anticipated
rates of warranty returns or other returns of goods. these claims could result
in liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on sunbeam's
consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flow. some of
the product lines sunbeam acquired in the 1998 acquisitions have increased its
exposure to product liability and related claims.

         brk brands, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, is a
defendant in the case gordon v. brk brands, inc., et al. ("gordon") in the
circuit court for the city of st louis. in gordon, the plaintiff alleged, among
other things, that the plaintiff's smoke detector (which had been manufactured
by a predecessor of brk brands, inc.) did not alarm quickly enough. in july
1999, the jury in the gordon case awarded $20 million in compensatory damages
and $30 million in punitive damages. this case has been settled and brk brands,
inc.'s obligation under the settlement is limited to payment of the balance of
its self-insured retention.

environmental matters

         with respect to one of seven sites at which the company has been
identified by the united states environmental protection agency ("epa") as a
potentially responsible party, the company received notice from the epa that the
company has completed all required removal activities and that such removal
activities were completed to epa's satisfaction. epa's approval of the company's
removal activities at this site effectively concludes its obligations to epa at
this site. the epa's approval of the company's removal activities did not have
any impact on the company's environmental accruals since these activities were
completed for the amount accrued.

                                       39
<page>
     item 6. exhibits and reports on form 8-k

(a)      exhibits

      exhibit no.              description
      -----------              -----------
         10.1     tax sharing agreement dated as of july 12, 1999, by and among
                  sunbeam corporation, the coleman company, and the subsidiaries
                  named therein. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to
                  the quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june
                  30, 1999 of the coleman company, inc. on august 13, 1999.)

         27       financial data schedule, submitted electronically to the
                  securities and exchange commission for information only and
                  not filed.

(b)      report on form 8-k

         no reports on form 8-k were filed through june 30, 1999.

                                       40
<page>
                                    signature

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                             sunbeam corporation

                                             by: /s/ bobby g. jenkins
                                             ------------------------
                                             bobby g. jenkins
                                             executive vice president, and
                                             chief financial officer
                                             (principal financial officer)

                                             dated: november 4, 1999

                                       41
<page>
                                 exhibit index


exhibit             description
- -------             -----------

  27        financial data schedule

</page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page>