<c>
   important explanatory note ...........................................    2

   item 1  financial statements

     condensed consolidated balance sheets as of
        march 31, 1997 and december 31, 1996 (unaudited) ................    3

     condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three 
        months ended march 31, 1997 and 1996 (unaudited) ................    4

     condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the three 
        months ended march 31, 1997 and 1996 (unaudited) ................    5

     notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited) ...    6

   item 2  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition 
           and results of operations ....................................   13

part ii    other information

  item 4   submission of matters to a vote of security holders ..........   17

  item 6   exhibits and reports on form 8-k .............................   17
</c><page>   12


item 2 management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
       of operations.

overview

       the company is one of the largest manufacturers and marketers of
nationally branded and private label paper-based office products (excluding
copy paper) in the $60 billion to $70 billion north american office products
industry. the company offers a broad assortment of products including writing
pads, file folders, envelopes, machine papers and other paper-based products.
through its ampad division, the company is among the largest and most important
suppliers of pads and other paper-based writing products, filing supplies,
machine papers and retail envelopes to many of the largest and fastest growing
office products distributors. through its williamhouse division, the company is
the leading supplier of mill branded, specialty and commodity business
envelopes to paper merchants and distributors. the company believes that its
future operating results will not be directly comparable to its historical
operating results because of its strategic acquisitions and the expected cost
savings from integration of its acquisitions. the company's business has not
generally been seasonal in nature. certain factors which have affected, and may
affect prospectively, the operating results of the company are discussed below.

      strategic acquisition.  on february 11, 1997, the company acquired
shade/allied, a national supplier of machine papers, principally continuous
computer forms.  the purchase price of $51.2 million was financed with
borrowings under the company's new bank credit agreement.  the company expects
that shade/allied's products will be distributed by both the ampad and
williamhouse divisions and that the manufacturing plants will be integrated
into the ampad division.  this acquisition provided the company with a more
significant position in a fourth product category.

      purchase accounting effects.   the company's acquisitions have been
accounted for using the purchase accounting method. the acquisitions have
currently affected, and will prospectively affect, the company's results of
operations in certain significant respects. the aggregate acquisition costs
(including assumption of debt) are allocated to the net assets acquired based
on the fair market value of such net assets. the allocations of the purchase
price result in an increase in the historical book value of certain assets such
as property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, including goodwill,
which results in incremental annual depreciation and amortization expense each
year.

      paper prices.  paper represents a majority of the company's cost of goods
sold.  while paper prices have increased by an average of less than 1% annually
since 1989, certain commodity grades have shown considerable price volatility
during that period.  beginning in january 1995, the company adopted new pricing
policies enabling it to set product prices consistent with the company's cost
of paper at the time of shipment.  the company believes that it is able to
price its products so as to minimize the impact of price volatility on dollar
margins.  paper price volatility has and is expected to continue to have an
effect on net sales and cost of sales.

results of operations

      the following table summarizes the company's historical results of
operations as a percentage of net sales for the three months ended march 31,
1997, 1996 and 1995.  the company's historical results of operations for each
of these periods are significantly affected by the results for the following
business acquired by the company: (i) scm which was acquired on july 5, 1994,
(ii) globe-weis which was acquired on august 18, 1995, (iii) williamhouse which
was acquired on october 31, 1995, (iv) niagara which was acquired on june 28,
1996 and (v) shade/allied which was acquired on february 11, 1997.

<table>
<caption>
                                             three months ended march 31,  
    income statement data                     1997    1996    1995  
    ---------------------                     ----    ----    ----  
<s> <c> <c> <c>
net sales                                     100.0%  100.0%  100.0%
                                              =====   =====   =====
gross profit                                   20.7    19.6    11.2
selling, general and administrative expenses   (9.2)   (8.8)   (5.5)
management fees and services                   (1.2)   (0.4)   (0.3)
                                              -----   -----   -----
income (loss) from operations                  10.3    10.4     5.4
interest expense, net                          (5.5)  (10.4)   (3.5)
other income                                      -     0.2     0.1
                                              -----   -----   -----
income (loss) before income taxes               4.8     0.2     2.0
provision for (benefit from) income taxes      (2.1)   (0.1)   (0.8)
                                              -----   -----   -----
net income (loss)                               2.7%    0.1%    1.2%
                                              =====   =====   =====
</c></c></c></s></caption></table>


                                       12

<page>   13

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)




three months ended march 31, 1997 compared to three months ended march 31, 1996

     net sales for the three months ended march 31, 1997 increased by $29.7
million, or 24.7%, to $149.8 million from $120.1 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1996.  of this net sales increase, $26.5 million is related to
the acquisition of niagara and $11.0 million is related to the acquisition of
the shade/allied.  net sales from existing operations decreased by
approximately $7.8 million primarily due to the deflationary effect of paper
prices from the first quarter of 1996 to the first quarter of 1997 which
negatively affected net sales by approximately 5%.

     gross profit for the three months ended march 31, 1997 increased by $7.5
million, or 31.9%, to $31.0 million from $23.5 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1996.  approximately $3.6 million of the increase in gross
profit is attributable to the acquisition of niagara and $1.1 million is
attributable to the shade/allied acquisition. gross profit increased by $2.8
million due to increased sales of higher margin products.  gross profit margin
increased to 20.7% for the three months ended march 31, 1997 from 19.6% for the
three months ended march 31, 1996.  the increase in gross profit margin is
primarily attributable to a higher proportion of proprietary product sales
during the first quarter of 1997.

     sg&amp;a; expenses for the three months ended march 31, 1997 increased $3.3
million, or 31.4%, to $13.8 from $10.5 million for the three months ended march
31, 1996.  approximately $2.3 million is attributable to the acquisitions of
niagara and shade/allied.  management fees and services during the first
quarter increased by approximately $1.3 million due primarily to a one year
non-recurring consulting agreement with the former president of niagara, an
envelope company acquired in june 1996.

     interest expense for the three months ended march 31, 1997 decreased $4.3
million to $8.2 million from $12.5 million for the three months ended march 31,
1996.  the decrease is primarily attributable to repayment of the old credit
agreement indebtedness of $95.8 million and the redemption of $70.0 million
aggregate principal amount of the 13% senior subordinated notes both of which
were funded by the proceeds of the company's initial public offering of common
stock.  this decrease in indebtedness was partially offset by increased
borrowings as a result of the shade/allied acquisition.

     the income tax provision for the three month period ended march 31, 1997
reflects an effective tax rate of 45.0% versus an effective tax rate of 44.3%
for the three month period ended march 31, 1996.  the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the
acquisitions.

three months ended march 31, 1996 compared to three months ended march 31, 1995

     net sales for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased by $72.6
million, or 152.8%, to $120.1 million from $47.5 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1995. of this net sales increase, $63.2 million is related to
the williamhouse acquisition and $15.9 million is related to the globe-weis
acquisition. ampad division net sales, exclusive of globe-weis, decreased by
$6.5 million in the first quarter of 1996 compared to the unusually strong
first quarter of 1995. the strong 1995 first quarter was due to certain of the
company's customers increasing inventory levels in anticipation of price
increases and supply shortages.

     gross profit for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased by $18.2
million, or 343.4%, to $23.5 million from $5.3 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1995. approximately $15.5 million of the increase in gross
profit is attributable to the williamhouse acquisition and $2.0 million is
attributable to the globe-weis acquisition. the gross profit from the ampad
division, exclusive of globe-weis, increased by $.7 million, due to a change in
the mix of products sold towards higher margin products. gross profit margin
increased to 19.6% for the three months ended march 31, 1996 from 11.2% for the
three months ended march 31, 1995. this increase in gross profit margin is
related to unfavorable inventory valuation of $2.6 million in the first quarter
of 1995 due to rising paper prices. in addition, the company's ability to
maintain its dollar margins in the first quarter of 1996 despite a falling
price environment led to higher margin percentages.

     sg&amp;a; expenses for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased $7.9
million, or 288.9%, to $10.5 million  from $2.6 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1995. approximately $7.3 million of the increase is
attributable to the williamhouse acquisition and includes $1.0 million of
amortization of goodwill and intangibles and $.3 million of costs 


                                       13



<page>   14

                         american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                 (continued)


related to the off balance sheet financing of receivables. as a percentage of
net sales, sg&amp;a; expenses increased to 8.8% for the first three months of 1996
from 5.5% in the comparable period for the prior year as a result of higher sg&amp;a;
expenses as a percentage of net sales of the williamhouse division.

     interest expense for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased $10.9
million to $12.5 million from $1.6 million for the three months ended march 31,
1995. the increase is attributable primarily to increased borrowings as a
result of the sale of the 13% senior subordinated notes in december 1995, the
williamhouse acquisition in october 1995 and the globe-weis acquisition in
august 1995.

     the income tax provision for the three month period ended march 31, 1996
reflects an effective tax rate of 44.4%, versus an effective tax rate of 38.3%
for the three month period ended march 31, 1995. the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the
williamhouse acquisition.

liquidity and capital resources

     net cash used by operating activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 was $13.9 million compared to net cash provided of $7.6 million for the
three months ended march 31, 1996.  this decrease in cash provided by operating
activities is due to a combination of the following: (i) a reduction of
accounts receivable of $21.6 million as seasonal and year end accounts
receivable were collected during the quarter, (ii) an increase in inventories
of $21.6 million due to a buildup of inventory levels in anticipation of
seasonal, promotional and new product sales in the second and third quarters,
(iii) a normal reduction of accounts payable by $8.9 million and (iv) a
reduction in accrued expenses of $16.7 million as customer volume rebates and
incentive compensation were paid during the first quarter of 1997.

     cash used in investing activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 and 1996 was $54.6 million and $3.0 million, respectively.  the use of
cash for the three months ended march 31, 1997 was due to the shade/allied
acquisition ($50.5 million) and purchases of equipment ($4.0 million).

     cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 was $67.3 million compared to cash used by financing activities for the
three months ended march 31, 1996 of $2.9 million. during the first quarter of
1997, the company repaid $13.0 million in notes outstanding under its accounts
receivable credit facility and borrowed $79.8 million to finance (i) such
repayment, (ii) the acquisition of shade/allied, (iii) the purchases of
equipment and (iv) its working capital needs.

     management believes that based on current levels of operations and
anticipated internal growth, cash flow from operations, together with other
available sources of funds including borrowings under the bank credit
agreement and available cash on hand at march 31, 1997 of $1.1 million, will be
adequate for the foreseeable future to make required payments of principal and
interest on the company's indebtedness, to fund anticipated capital
expenditures, including anticipated capital expenditures of approximately $13
million during the remainder of 1997, and working capital requirements, and to
enable the company and its subsidiaries to comply with the terms of their debt
 agreements.  however, actual capital requirements may change, particularly as
a result of any acquisitions which the company may make.  the ability of the 
company to meet its debt service obligations and reduce its total debt will be
dependent, however, upon the future performance of the company and its 
subsidiaries which, in turn, will be subject to general economic conditions 
and to financial, business and other factors, including factors beyond the 
company's control. a portion of the consolidated debt of the company bears 
interest at floating rates; therefore, its financial condition is and will 
continue to be affected by changes in prevailing interest rates. the company 
has entered into an interest rate protection agreement to minimize the impact 
from a rise in interest rates.

inflation

     the company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its
results of operations for the three months ended march 31, 1997 and 1996.


                                       14



<page>   15

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)




newly issued accounting standard

     the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued statement of
financial accounting standards no. 128, earnings per share, which is effective
december 15, 1997 and which prescribes a new presentation of earnings per share
amounts as either "basic" or "diluted."  basic earnings per share is to be
calculated as net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of common
stock.  diluted earnings per share is to be calculated in a manner similar to
the "primary" earnings per share currently presented by the company.  diluted
earnings per share is calculated as net income divided the number of
outstanding shares of common stock, as adjusted for common stock options.  the
company intends to implement the new accounting at the end of 1997 and, as part
of its 1997 annual report to shareholders and form 10-k, will restate its
quarterly earnings per share following the guidelines in the new accounting
standard.  if the new standard had been implemented during the first quarter of
1997, earnings per share would have been presented as follows:


<table>
<caption>
                                        three months ended march 31,
                                       ------------------------------
                                            1997            1996
                                       --------------  --------------
           <s> <c> <c>

           basic earnings per share             $0.15           $0.00
           diluted earnings per share           $0.14           $0.00
</c></c></s></caption></table>


forward-looking statements

     the company is including the following cautionary statement in this form
10-q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 for any forward-looking
statements made by, or on behalf of, the company.  forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts.  from time to time, the company
may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this
nature.  all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or
oral and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are also expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements.  certain statements contained herein
are forward-looking statements and accordingly involve risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements
contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in
turn, upon further assumptions.  the company's expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the company to have
a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management's examination of
historical operating trends, data contained in the company's records and other
data available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that
management's expectation, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished.  in addition to the other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following are important factors that, in the view of the company,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements:

  1.   changes in economic conditions, in particular those which affect the
       retail and wholesale office product markets.

  2.   changes in the availability and/or price of paper, in particular if
       increases in the price of paper are not passed along to the company's
       customers.

  3.   changes in senior management or control of the company.

  4.   inability to obtain new customers or retain existing ones.

  5.   significant changes in competitive factors including product pricing
       conditions affecting the company.

  6.   governmental/regulatory actions and initiatives, including, those
       affecting financings.

  7.   significant changes from expectations in actual capital expenditures
       and operating expenses.

  8.   occurrences affecting the company's ability to obtain funds from
       operations, debt or equity to finance needed capital expenditures and
       other investments.


                                       15



<page>   16

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)





  9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

  10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
       and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were to
       occur.

  11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
       principles to the company.

     the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

     the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.


                                       16



<page>   17


                         part ii     other information

item 4 submission of matters to a vote of security holders

     the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.
the following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:


<table>
<caption>
                                                                                  withheld, against
                                   matter                              approved     or abstained
                                   ------                             ----------  -----------------
<s> <c> <c> <c>

        election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
            and greg benson ........................................  22,461,798            577,320

        ratification of price waterhouse llp as independent auditors
            for the company ........................................  23,031,223              3,895
</c></c></c></s></caption></table>

item 6          exhibits and reports on form 8-k

        reports on form 8-k


     the following reports on form 8-k, all of which pertain to the acquisition
of shade/allied, were filed during the first quarter of 1997 and through the
date of the filing of this report..

     (1) current report on form 8-k filed january 16, 1997 relating to the
announcement of the proposed acquisition of shade/allied.

     (2) current report on form 8-k filed february 24, 1997 relating to the
completion of the acquisition of shade/allied.

     (3) current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical financial
statements.

     exhibit 27.1 -- financial data schedule


                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.





/s/ kevin w. mcaleer
- ---------------------------        -----------------
kevin w. mcaleer                   date
chief financial officer
principal financial officer




/s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ---------------------------        -----------------
vice president - controller        date
principal accounting officer



                                       17

<page>   18
                               index to exhibits

exhibit
number                  exhibit
- ------                  -------       
  27            financial data schedule
</page></page></page></page></page></page></page><page>   13

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)




three months ended march 31, 1997 compared to three months ended march 31, 1996

     net sales for the three months ended march 31, 1997 increased by $29.7
million, or 24.7%, to $149.8 million from $120.1 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1996.  of this net sales increase, $26.5 million is related to
the acquisition of niagara and $11.0 million is related to the acquisition of
the shade/allied.  net sales from existing operations decreased by
approximately $7.8 million primarily due to the deflationary effect of paper
prices from the first quarter of 1996 to the first quarter of 1997 which
negatively affected net sales by approximately 5%.

     gross profit for the three months ended march 31, 1997 increased by $7.5
million, or 31.9%, to $31.0 million from $23.5 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1996.  approximately $3.6 million of the increase in gross
profit is attributable to the acquisition of niagara and $1.1 million is
attributable to the shade/allied acquisition. gross profit increased by $2.8
million due to increased sales of higher margin products.  gross profit margin
increased to 20.7% for the three months ended march 31, 1997 from 19.6% for the
three months ended march 31, 1996.  the increase in gross profit margin is
primarily attributable to a higher proportion of proprietary product sales
during the first quarter of 1997.

     sg&amp;a; expenses for the three months ended march 31, 1997 increased $3.3
million, or 31.4%, to $13.8 from $10.5 million for the three months ended march
31, 1996.  approximately $2.3 million is attributable to the acquisitions of
niagara and shade/allied.  management fees and services during the first
quarter increased by approximately $1.3 million due primarily to a one year
non-recurring consulting agreement with the former president of niagara, an
envelope company acquired in june 1996.

     interest expense for the three months ended march 31, 1997 decreased $4.3
million to $8.2 million from $12.5 million for the three months ended march 31,
1996.  the decrease is primarily attributable to repayment of the old credit
agreement indebtedness of $95.8 million and the redemption of $70.0 million
aggregate principal amount of the 13% senior subordinated notes both of which
were funded by the proceeds of the company's initial public offering of common
stock.  this decrease in indebtedness was partially offset by increased
borrowings as a result of the shade/allied acquisition.

     the income tax provision for the three month period ended march 31, 1997
reflects an effective tax rate of 45.0% versus an effective tax rate of 44.3%
for the three month period ended march 31, 1996.  the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the
acquisitions.

three months ended march 31, 1996 compared to three months ended march 31, 1995

     net sales for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased by $72.6
million, or 152.8%, to $120.1 million from $47.5 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1995. of this net sales increase, $63.2 million is related to
the williamhouse acquisition and $15.9 million is related to the globe-weis
acquisition. ampad division net sales, exclusive of globe-weis, decreased by
$6.5 million in the first quarter of 1996 compared to the unusually strong
first quarter of 1995. the strong 1995 first quarter was due to certain of the
company's customers increasing inventory levels in anticipation of price
increases and supply shortages.

     gross profit for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased by $18.2
million, or 343.4%, to $23.5 million from $5.3 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1995. approximately $15.5 million of the increase in gross
profit is attributable to the williamhouse acquisition and $2.0 million is
attributable to the globe-weis acquisition. the gross profit from the ampad
division, exclusive of globe-weis, increased by $.7 million, due to a change in
the mix of products sold towards higher margin products. gross profit margin
increased to 19.6% for the three months ended march 31, 1996 from 11.2% for the
three months ended march 31, 1995. this increase in gross profit margin is
related to unfavorable inventory valuation of $2.6 million in the first quarter
of 1995 due to rising paper prices. in addition, the company's ability to
maintain its dollar margins in the first quarter of 1996 despite a falling
price environment led to higher margin percentages.

     sg&amp;a; expenses for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased $7.9
million, or 288.9%, to $10.5 million  from $2.6 million for the three months
ended march 31, 1995. approximately $7.3 million of the increase is
attributable to the williamhouse acquisition and includes $1.0 million of
amortization of goodwill and intangibles and $.3 million of costs 


                                       13



<page>   14

                         american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                 (continued)


related to the off balance sheet financing of receivables. as a percentage of
net sales, sg&amp;a; expenses increased to 8.8% for the first three months of 1996
from 5.5% in the comparable period for the prior year as a result of higher sg&amp;a;
expenses as a percentage of net sales of the williamhouse division.

     interest expense for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased $10.9
million to $12.5 million from $1.6 million for the three months ended march 31,
1995. the increase is attributable primarily to increased borrowings as a
result of the sale of the 13% senior subordinated notes in december 1995, the
williamhouse acquisition in october 1995 and the globe-weis acquisition in
august 1995.

     the income tax provision for the three month period ended march 31, 1996
reflects an effective tax rate of 44.4%, versus an effective tax rate of 38.3%
for the three month period ended march 31, 1995. the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the
williamhouse acquisition.

liquidity and capital resources

     net cash used by operating activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 was $13.9 million compared to net cash provided of $7.6 million for the
three months ended march 31, 1996.  this decrease in cash provided by operating
activities is due to a combination of the following: (i) a reduction of
accounts receivable of $21.6 million as seasonal and year end accounts
receivable were collected during the quarter, (ii) an increase in inventories
of $21.6 million due to a buildup of inventory levels in anticipation of
seasonal, promotional and new product sales in the second and third quarters,
(iii) a normal reduction of accounts payable by $8.9 million and (iv) a
reduction in accrued expenses of $16.7 million as customer volume rebates and
incentive compensation were paid during the first quarter of 1997.

     cash used in investing activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 and 1996 was $54.6 million and $3.0 million, respectively.  the use of
cash for the three months ended march 31, 1997 was due to the shade/allied
acquisition ($50.5 million) and purchases of equipment ($4.0 million).

     cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 was $67.3 million compared to cash used by financing activities for the
three months ended march 31, 1996 of $2.9 million. during the first quarter of
1997, the company repaid $13.0 million in notes outstanding under its accounts
receivable credit facility and borrowed $79.8 million to finance (i) such
repayment, (ii) the acquisition of shade/allied, (iii) the purchases of
equipment and (iv) its working capital needs.

     management believes that based on current levels of operations and
anticipated internal growth, cash flow from operations, together with other
available sources of funds including borrowings under the bank credit
agreement and available cash on hand at march 31, 1997 of $1.1 million, will be
adequate for the foreseeable future to make required payments of principal and
interest on the company's indebtedness, to fund anticipated capital
expenditures, including anticipated capital expenditures of approximately $13
million during the remainder of 1997, and working capital requirements, and to
enable the company and its subsidiaries to comply with the terms of their debt
 agreements.  however, actual capital requirements may change, particularly as
a result of any acquisitions which the company may make.  the ability of the 
company to meet its debt service obligations and reduce its total debt will be
dependent, however, upon the future performance of the company and its 
subsidiaries which, in turn, will be subject to general economic conditions 
and to financial, business and other factors, including factors beyond the 
company's control. a portion of the consolidated debt of the company bears 
interest at floating rates; therefore, its financial condition is and will 
continue to be affected by changes in prevailing interest rates. the company 
has entered into an interest rate protection agreement to minimize the impact 
from a rise in interest rates.

inflation

     the company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its
results of operations for the three months ended march 31, 1997 and 1996.


                                       14



<page>   15

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)




newly issued accounting standard

     the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued statement of
financial accounting standards no. 128, earnings per share, which is effective
december 15, 1997 and which prescribes a new presentation of earnings per share
amounts as either "basic" or "diluted."  basic earnings per share is to be
calculated as net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of common
stock.  diluted earnings per share is to be calculated in a manner similar to
the "primary" earnings per share currently presented by the company.  diluted
earnings per share is calculated as net income divided the number of
outstanding shares of common stock, as adjusted for common stock options.  the
company intends to implement the new accounting at the end of 1997 and, as part
of its 1997 annual report to shareholders and form 10-k, will restate its
quarterly earnings per share following the guidelines in the new accounting
standard.  if the new standard had been implemented during the first quarter of
1997, earnings per share would have been presented as follows:


<table>
<caption>
                                        three months ended march 31,
                                       ------------------------------
                                            1997            1996
                                       --------------  --------------
           <s> <c> <c>

           basic earnings per share             $0.15           $0.00
           diluted earnings per share           $0.14           $0.00
</c></c></s></caption></table>


forward-looking statements

     the company is including the following cautionary statement in this form
10-q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 for any forward-looking
statements made by, or on behalf of, the company.  forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts.  from time to time, the company
may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this
nature.  all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or
oral and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are also expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements.  certain statements contained herein
are forward-looking statements and accordingly involve risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements
contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in
turn, upon further assumptions.  the company's expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the company to have
a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management's examination of
historical operating trends, data contained in the company's records and other
data available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that
management's expectation, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished.  in addition to the other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following are important factors that, in the view of the company,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements:

  1.   changes in economic conditions, in particular those which affect the
       retail and wholesale office product markets.

  2.   changes in the availability and/or price of paper, in particular if
       increases in the price of paper are not passed along to the company's
       customers.

  3.   changes in senior management or control of the company.

  4.   inability to obtain new customers or retain existing ones.

  5.   significant changes in competitive factors including product pricing
       conditions affecting the company.

  6.   governmental/regulatory actions and initiatives, including, those
       affecting financings.

  7.   significant changes from expectations in actual capital expenditures
       and operating expenses.

  8.   occurrences affecting the company's ability to obtain funds from
       operations, debt or equity to finance needed capital expenditures and
       other investments.


                                       15



<page>   16

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)





  9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

  10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
       and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were to
       occur.

  11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
       principles to the company.

     the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

     the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.


                                       16



<page>   17


                         part ii     other information

item 4 submission of matters to a vote of security holders

     the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.
the following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:


<table>
<caption>
                                                                                  withheld, against
                                   matter                              approved     or abstained
                                   ------                             ----------  -----------------
<s> <c> <c> <c>

        election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
            and greg benson ........................................  22,461,798            577,320

        ratification of price waterhouse llp as independent auditors
            for the company ........................................  23,031,223              3,895
</c></c></c></s></caption></table>

item 6          exhibits and reports on form 8-k

        reports on form 8-k


     the following reports on form 8-k, all of which pertain to the acquisition
of shade/allied, were filed during the first quarter of 1997 and through the
date of the filing of this report..

     (1) current report on form 8-k filed january 16, 1997 relating to the
announcement of the proposed acquisition of shade/allied.

     (2) current report on form 8-k filed february 24, 1997 relating to the
completion of the acquisition of shade/allied.

     (3) current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical financial
statements.

     exhibit 27.1 -- financial data schedule


                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.





/s/ kevin w. mcaleer
- ---------------------------        -----------------
kevin w. mcaleer                   date
chief financial officer
principal financial officer




/s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ---------------------------        -----------------
vice president - controller        date
principal accounting officer



                                       17

<page>   18
                               index to exhibits

exhibit
number                  exhibit
- ------                  -------       
  27            financial data schedule
</page></page></page></page></page></page><page>   14

                         american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                 (continued)


related to the off balance sheet financing of receivables. as a percentage of
net sales, sg&amp;a; expenses increased to 8.8% for the first three months of 1996
from 5.5% in the comparable period for the prior year as a result of higher sg&amp;a;
expenses as a percentage of net sales of the williamhouse division.

     interest expense for the three months ended march 31, 1996 increased $10.9
million to $12.5 million from $1.6 million for the three months ended march 31,
1995. the increase is attributable primarily to increased borrowings as a
result of the sale of the 13% senior subordinated notes in december 1995, the
williamhouse acquisition in october 1995 and the globe-weis acquisition in
august 1995.

     the income tax provision for the three month period ended march 31, 1996
reflects an effective tax rate of 44.4%, versus an effective tax rate of 38.3%
for the three month period ended march 31, 1995. the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the
williamhouse acquisition.

liquidity and capital resources

     net cash used by operating activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 was $13.9 million compared to net cash provided of $7.6 million for the
three months ended march 31, 1996.  this decrease in cash provided by operating
activities is due to a combination of the following: (i) a reduction of
accounts receivable of $21.6 million as seasonal and year end accounts
receivable were collected during the quarter, (ii) an increase in inventories
of $21.6 million due to a buildup of inventory levels in anticipation of
seasonal, promotional and new product sales in the second and third quarters,
(iii) a normal reduction of accounts payable by $8.9 million and (iv) a
reduction in accrued expenses of $16.7 million as customer volume rebates and
incentive compensation were paid during the first quarter of 1997.

     cash used in investing activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 and 1996 was $54.6 million and $3.0 million, respectively.  the use of
cash for the three months ended march 31, 1997 was due to the shade/allied
acquisition ($50.5 million) and purchases of equipment ($4.0 million).

     cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended march 31,
1997 was $67.3 million compared to cash used by financing activities for the
three months ended march 31, 1996 of $2.9 million. during the first quarter of
1997, the company repaid $13.0 million in notes outstanding under its accounts
receivable credit facility and borrowed $79.8 million to finance (i) such
repayment, (ii) the acquisition of shade/allied, (iii) the purchases of
equipment and (iv) its working capital needs.

     management believes that based on current levels of operations and
anticipated internal growth, cash flow from operations, together with other
available sources of funds including borrowings under the bank credit
agreement and available cash on hand at march 31, 1997 of $1.1 million, will be
adequate for the foreseeable future to make required payments of principal and
interest on the company's indebtedness, to fund anticipated capital
expenditures, including anticipated capital expenditures of approximately $13
million during the remainder of 1997, and working capital requirements, and to
enable the company and its subsidiaries to comply with the terms of their debt
 agreements.  however, actual capital requirements may change, particularly as
a result of any acquisitions which the company may make.  the ability of the 
company to meet its debt service obligations and reduce its total debt will be
dependent, however, upon the future performance of the company and its 
subsidiaries which, in turn, will be subject to general economic conditions 
and to financial, business and other factors, including factors beyond the 
company's control. a portion of the consolidated debt of the company bears 
interest at floating rates; therefore, its financial condition is and will 
continue to be affected by changes in prevailing interest rates. the company 
has entered into an interest rate protection agreement to minimize the impact 
from a rise in interest rates.

inflation

     the company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its
results of operations for the three months ended march 31, 1997 and 1996.


                                       14



<page>   15

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)




newly issued accounting standard

     the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued statement of
financial accounting standards no. 128, earnings per share, which is effective
december 15, 1997 and which prescribes a new presentation of earnings per share
amounts as either "basic" or "diluted."  basic earnings per share is to be
calculated as net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of common
stock.  diluted earnings per share is to be calculated in a manner similar to
the "primary" earnings per share currently presented by the company.  diluted
earnings per share is calculated as net income divided the number of
outstanding shares of common stock, as adjusted for common stock options.  the
company intends to implement the new accounting at the end of 1997 and, as part
of its 1997 annual report to shareholders and form 10-k, will restate its
quarterly earnings per share following the guidelines in the new accounting
standard.  if the new standard had been implemented during the first quarter of
1997, earnings per share would have been presented as follows:


<table>
<caption>
                                        three months ended march 31,
                                       ------------------------------
                                            1997            1996
                                       --------------  --------------
           <s> <c> <c>

           basic earnings per share             $0.15           $0.00
           diluted earnings per share           $0.14           $0.00
</c></c></s></caption></table>


forward-looking statements

     the company is including the following cautionary statement in this form
10-q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 for any forward-looking
statements made by, or on behalf of, the company.  forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts.  from time to time, the company
may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this
nature.  all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or
oral and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are also expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements.  certain statements contained herein
are forward-looking statements and accordingly involve risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements
contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in
turn, upon further assumptions.  the company's expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the company to have
a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management's examination of
historical operating trends, data contained in the company's records and other
data available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that
management's expectation, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished.  in addition to the other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following are important factors that, in the view of the company,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements:

  1.   changes in economic conditions, in particular those which affect the
       retail and wholesale office product markets.

  2.   changes in the availability and/or price of paper, in particular if
       increases in the price of paper are not passed along to the company's
       customers.

  3.   changes in senior management or control of the company.

  4.   inability to obtain new customers or retain existing ones.

  5.   significant changes in competitive factors including product pricing
       conditions affecting the company.

  6.   governmental/regulatory actions and initiatives, including, those
       affecting financings.

  7.   significant changes from expectations in actual capital expenditures
       and operating expenses.

  8.   occurrences affecting the company's ability to obtain funds from
       operations, debt or equity to finance needed capital expenditures and
       other investments.


                                       15



<page>   16

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)





  9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

  10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
       and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were to
       occur.

  11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
       principles to the company.

     the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

     the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.


                                       16



<page>   17


                         part ii     other information

item 4 submission of matters to a vote of security holders

     the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.
the following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:


<table>
<caption>
                                                                                  withheld, against
                                   matter                              approved     or abstained
                                   ------                             ----------  -----------------
<s> <c> <c> <c>

        election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
            and greg benson ........................................  22,461,798            577,320

        ratification of price waterhouse llp as independent auditors
            for the company ........................................  23,031,223              3,895
</c></c></c></s></caption></table>

item 6          exhibits and reports on form 8-k

        reports on form 8-k


     the following reports on form 8-k, all of which pertain to the acquisition
of shade/allied, were filed during the first quarter of 1997 and through the
date of the filing of this report..

     (1) current report on form 8-k filed january 16, 1997 relating to the
announcement of the proposed acquisition of shade/allied.

     (2) current report on form 8-k filed february 24, 1997 relating to the
completion of the acquisition of shade/allied.

     (3) current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical financial
statements.

     exhibit 27.1 -- financial data schedule


                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.





/s/ kevin w. mcaleer
- ---------------------------        -----------------
kevin w. mcaleer                   date
chief financial officer
principal financial officer




/s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ---------------------------        -----------------
vice president - controller        date
principal accounting officer



                                       17

<page>   18
                               index to exhibits

exhibit
number                  exhibit
- ------                  -------       
  27            financial data schedule
</page></page></page></page></page><page>   15

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)




newly issued accounting standard

     the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued statement of
financial accounting standards no. 128, earnings per share, which is effective
december 15, 1997 and which prescribes a new presentation of earnings per share
amounts as either "basic" or "diluted."  basic earnings per share is to be
calculated as net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of common
stock.  diluted earnings per share is to be calculated in a manner similar to
the "primary" earnings per share currently presented by the company.  diluted
earnings per share is calculated as net income divided the number of
outstanding shares of common stock, as adjusted for common stock options.  the
company intends to implement the new accounting at the end of 1997 and, as part
of its 1997 annual report to shareholders and form 10-k, will restate its
quarterly earnings per share following the guidelines in the new accounting
standard.  if the new standard had been implemented during the first quarter of
1997, earnings per share would have been presented as follows:


<table>
<caption>
                                        three months ended march 31,
                                       ------------------------------
                                            1997            1996
                                       --------------  --------------
           <s> <c> <c>

           basic earnings per share             $0.15           $0.00
           diluted earnings per share           $0.14           $0.00
</c></c></s></caption></table>


forward-looking statements

     the company is including the following cautionary statement in this form
10-q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 for any forward-looking
statements made by, or on behalf of, the company.  forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts.  from time to time, the company
may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this
nature.  all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or
oral and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are also expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements.  certain statements contained herein
are forward-looking statements and accordingly involve risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements
contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in
turn, upon further assumptions.  the company's expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the company to have
a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management's examination of
historical operating trends, data contained in the company's records and other
data available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that
management's expectation, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished.  in addition to the other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following are important factors that, in the view of the company,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements:

  1.   changes in economic conditions, in particular those which affect the
       retail and wholesale office product markets.

  2.   changes in the availability and/or price of paper, in particular if
       increases in the price of paper are not passed along to the company's
       customers.

  3.   changes in senior management or control of the company.

  4.   inability to obtain new customers or retain existing ones.

  5.   significant changes in competitive factors including product pricing
       conditions affecting the company.

  6.   governmental/regulatory actions and initiatives, including, those
       affecting financings.

  7.   significant changes from expectations in actual capital expenditures
       and operating expenses.

  8.   occurrences affecting the company's ability to obtain funds from
       operations, debt or equity to finance needed capital expenditures and
       other investments.


                                       15



<page>   16

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)





  9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

  10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
       and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were to
       occur.

  11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
       principles to the company.

     the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

     the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.


                                       16



<page>   17


                         part ii     other information

item 4 submission of matters to a vote of security holders

     the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.
the following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:


<table>
<caption>
                                                                                  withheld, against
                                   matter                              approved     or abstained
                                   ------                             ----------  -----------------
<s> <c> <c> <c>

        election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
            and greg benson ........................................  22,461,798            577,320

        ratification of price waterhouse llp as independent auditors
            for the company ........................................  23,031,223              3,895
</c></c></c></s></caption></table>

item 6          exhibits and reports on form 8-k

        reports on form 8-k


     the following reports on form 8-k, all of which pertain to the acquisition
of shade/allied, were filed during the first quarter of 1997 and through the
date of the filing of this report..

     (1) current report on form 8-k filed january 16, 1997 relating to the
announcement of the proposed acquisition of shade/allied.

     (2) current report on form 8-k filed february 24, 1997 relating to the
completion of the acquisition of shade/allied.

     (3) current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical financial
statements.

     exhibit 27.1 -- financial data schedule


                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.





/s/ kevin w. mcaleer
- ---------------------------        -----------------
kevin w. mcaleer                   date
chief financial officer
principal financial officer




/s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ---------------------------        -----------------
vice president - controller        date
principal accounting officer



                                       17

<page>   18
                               index to exhibits

exhibit
number                  exhibit
- ------                  -------       
  27            financial data schedule
</page></page></page></page><page>   16

                          american pad &amp; paper company
              management's discussion and analysis of financial
                     condition and results of operations
                                  (continued)





  9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

  10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
       and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were to
       occur.

  11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
       principles to the company.

     the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

     the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.


                                       16



<page>   17


                         part ii     other information

item 4 submission of matters to a vote of security holders

     the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.
the following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:


<table>
<caption>
                                                                                  withheld, against
                                   matter                              approved     or abstained
                                   ------                             ----------  -----------------
<s> <c> <c> <c>

        election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
            and greg benson ........................................  22,461,798            577,320

        ratification of price waterhouse llp as independent auditors
            for the company ........................................  23,031,223              3,895
</c></c></c></s></caption></table>

item 6          exhibits and reports on form 8-k

        reports on form 8-k


     the following reports on form 8-k, all of which pertain to the acquisition
of shade/allied, were filed during the first quarter of 1997 and through the
date of the filing of this report..

     (1) current report on form 8-k filed january 16, 1997 relating to the
announcement of the proposed acquisition of shade/allied.

     (2) current report on form 8-k filed february 24, 1997 relating to the
completion of the acquisition of shade/allied.

     (3) current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical financial
statements.

     exhibit 27.1 -- financial data schedule


                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.





/s/ kevin w. mcaleer
- ---------------------------        -----------------
kevin w. mcaleer                   date
chief financial officer
principal financial officer




/s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ---------------------------        -----------------
vice president - controller        date
principal accounting officer



                                       17

<page>   18
                               index to exhibits

exhibit
number                  exhibit
- ------                  -------       
  27            financial data schedule
</page></page></page>