<c>
part i    financial information

     important explanatory note   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     2

     item 1    financial statements

          condensed consolidated balance sheets as of
               june 30, 1997 and december 31, 1996 (unaudited)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     3

          condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and six months ended
               june 30, 1997 and 1996 (unaudited) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     4

          condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the six months
               ended june 30, 1997 and 1996 (unaudited) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     5

          notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited)  . . . . . . . . . . . .     6

     item 2    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
               operations   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    13

part ii   other information

     item 4    submission of matters to a vote of security holders  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    17

     item 6    exhibits and reports on form 8-k . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    17
</c><page>   13
item 2   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
         results of operations.

overview

    the company is one of the largest manufacturers and marketers of nationally
branded and private label paper-based office products (excluding copy paper) in
the $60 billion to $70 billion north american office products industry. the
company offers a broad assortment of products including writing pads, file
folders, envelopes, machine papers and other paper-based products. through its
ampad division, the company is among the largest and most important suppliers
of pads and other paper-based writing products, filing supplies, machine papers
and retail envelopes to many of the largest and fastest growing office products
distributors. through its williamhouse division, the company is the leading
supplier of mill branded, specialty and commodity business envelopes to paper
merchants and distributors. the company believes that its future operating
results will not be directly comparable to its historical operating results
because of its strategic acquisitions and the expected cost savings from
integration of its acquisitions. the company's business has not generally been
seasonal in nature. certain factors which have affected, and may affect
prospectively, the operating results of the company are discussed below.

    strategic acquisition.  on february 11, 1997, the company acquired
shade/allied, a national supplier of machine papers, principally continuous
computer forms.  the purchase price of $50.7 million was financed with
borrowings under the company's bank credit agreement. shade/allied's products
are distributed by both the ampad and williamhouse divisions and the
manufacturing plants are integrated into the ampad division.  this acquisition
provided the company with a more significant position in a fourth product
category.

    purchase accounting effects.   the company's acquisitions have been
accounted for using the purchase accounting method. the acquisitions have
currently affected, and will prospectively affect, the company's results of
operations in certain significant respects. the aggregate acquisition costs
(including assumption of debt) are allocated to the net assets acquired based
on the fair market value of such net assets. the allocations of the purchase
price result in an increase in the historical book value of certain assets such
as property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, including goodwill,
which results in incremental annual depreciation and amortization expense each
year.

    paper prices.  paper represents a majority of the company's cost of goods
sold.  while paper prices have increased by an average of less than 1% annually
since 1989, certain commodity grades have shown considerable price volatility
during that period.  beginning in january 1995, the company adopted new pricing
policies enabling it to set product prices consistent with the company's cost
of paper at the time of shipment.  the company believes that it is able to
price its products so as to minimize the impact of price volatility on dollar
margins.  paper price volatility has and is expected to continue to have an
effect on net sales and cost of sales.

results of operations

    the following table summarizes the company's historical results of
operations as a percentage of net sales for the three and six months ended june
30, 1997 and 1996.  the company's historical results of operations for each of
these periods are significantly affected by the results for the following
business acquired by the company: (i) niagara which was acquired on june 28,
1996 and (ii) shade/allied which was acquired on february 11, 1997.

<table>
<caption>
                                           three months ended june 30,             six months ended june 30,
    income statement data                      1997          1996                    1997          1996
    ---------------------                      -----         -----                   -----         -----
<s> <c> <c> <c> <c>   
net sales                                      100.0%        100.0%                  100.0%        100.0%
                                               =====         =====                   =====         =====
gross profit                                    19.6          21.9                    20.1          20.7
selling, general and administrative
  expenses                                      (7.7)         (9.8)                   (8.4)         (9.3)
management fees and services                    (1.1)         (0.5)                   (1.1)         (0.4)
                                               -----         -----                   -----         -----
income from operations                          10.8          11.6                    10.6          11.0
interest expense, net                           (5.7)        (10.9)                   (5.6)        (10.7)

other income                                    --             0.4                    --             0.3
                                               -----         -----                   -----         -----
income before income taxes and
extraordinary item                               5.1           1.1                     5.0           0.6
provision for income taxes                      (2.3)         (0.5)                   (2.3)         (0.3)
                                               -----         -----                   -----         -----

income before extraordinary item                 2.8           0.6                     2.7           0.3
extraordinary loss from extinguishment
  of debt                                       --            (1.1)                   --            (0.5)
                                               -----         -----                   -----         -----
net income (loss)                                2.8%         (0.5)%                   2.7%         (0.2)%
                                               =====         =====                   =====         =====
</c></c></c></c></s></caption></table>

                                       13
<page>   14
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

three months ended june 30, 1997 compared to three months ended june 30, 1996

    net sales for the three months ended june 30, 1997 increased by $53.1
million, or 46.5%, to $167.2 million from $114.1 million for the three months
ended june 30, 1996.  of this net sales increase, $26.2 million is related to
the acquisition of niagara and $17.3 million is related to the acquisition of
shade/allied.  net sales from existing operations increased by approximately
$9.6 million primarily as the result of strong sales in the superstores and
contract stationers customer channels.

    gross profit for the three months ended june 30, 1997 increased by $7.9
million, or 31.6%, to $32.8 million from $24.9 million for the three months
ended june 30, 1996.  approximately $4.0 million of the increase in gross
profit is attributable to the acquisition of niagara and $2.3 million is
attributable to the shade/allied acquisition.  the remaining increase in gross
profit of approximately $1.6 million is attributable to the increased sales
from existing operations.  gross profit margin decreased to 19.6% for the three
months ended june 30, 1997 from 21.9% for the three months ended june 30, 1996.
the decrease in gross profit margin is primarily attributable to increases in
sales of relatively lower margin products, including those of shade/allied, in
the second quarter of 1997.

    sg&amp;a; expenses for the three months ended june 30, 1997 increased $1.7
million, or 15.2%, to $12.9 million from $11.2 million for the three months 
ended june 30, 1996.  the acquisitions of niagara and shade/allied resulted in
additional expense for the three months ended june 30, 1997 of approximately
$2.0 million which was partially offset by increased efficiencies.  management
fees and services expense for the second quarter of 1997 increased by
approximately $1.3 million as compared to the same quarter of 1996 due
primarily to a one year non-recurring consulting agreement with the former
president of niagara.

    interest expense for the three months ended june 30, 1997 decreased $2.9
million to $9.6 million from $12.5 million for the three months ended june 30,
1996.  the decrease is primarily attributable to the reduction in long-term
debt which resulted from the company's initial public offering of common stock
in the third quarter of 1996.  this decrease in indebtedness was partially
offset by increased borrowings required for the shade/allied acquisition and
for the increase in working capital.

    the income tax provision for the three month period ended june 30, 1997
reflects an effective tax rate of 45.0% versus an effective tax rate of 43.1%
for the three month period ended june 30, 1996.  the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the niagara
and shade/allied acquisitions.

six months ended june 30, 1997 compared to six months ended june 30, 1996

    net sales for the six months ended june 30, 1997 increased by $82.8
million, or 35.3%, to $317.0 million from $234.2 million for the six months
ended june 30, 1996.  of this net sales increase, $52.7 million is related to
the acquisition of niagara and $28.3 million is related to the acquisition of
shade/allied. the remaining increase of approximately $1.8 million is
attributable to existing operations.

    gross profit for the six months ended june 30, 1997 increased by $15.3
million, or 31.6%, to $63.8 million from $48.5 million for the six months ended
june 30, 1996.  approximately $7.5 million of the increase in gross profit is
attributable to the acquisition of niagara and $3.4 million is attributable to
the shade/allied acquisition.  the remaining increase in gross profit of
approximately $4.5 million is primarily attributable to increased sales of
higher margin proprietary products from existing operations, particularly in
the first quarter of 1997.  gross profit margin decreased to 20.1% for the six
months ended june 30, 1997 from 20.7% for the six months ended june 30, 1996.
the decrease in gross profit margin is primarily attributable to the addition
of sales of the relatively lower margin shade/allied products during the first
half of 1997.




                                       14
<page>   15
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

    sg&amp;a; expenses for the six months ended june 30, 1997 increased $4.9
million, or 22.6%, to $26.6 million from $21.7 million for the six months ended
june 30, 1996.  the acquisitions of niagara and shade/allied resulted in
additional expense for the six months ended june 30, 1997 of approximately $4.3
million. management fees and services expense for the first half of 1997
increased by approximately $2.6 million as compared to the first half of 1996
due primarily to a one year non-recurring consulting agreement with the former
president of niagara.

    interest expense for the six months ended june 30, 1997 decreased $7.2
million to $17.8 million from $25.0 million for the six months ended june 30,
1996.  the decrease is primarily attributable to the reduction in long-term
debt which resulted from the company's initial public offering of common stock
in the third quarter of 1996.  this decrease in indebtedness was partially
offset by increased borrowings required for the shade/allied acquisition and
for the increase in working capital.

    the income tax provision for the six month period ended june 30, 1997
reflects an effective tax rate of 45.0% versus an effective tax rate of 43.2%
for the six month period ended june 30, 1996.  the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the niagara
and shade/allied acquisitions.

liquidity and capital resources

    net cash used by operating activities for the six months ended june 30,
1997 of $32.5 million was primarily the net result of the following:  (i) a
reduction of accounts receivable of $11.4 million as seasonal accounts
receivable were collected during the first part of the year, (ii) an increase
in inventories of $33.4 million due to a buildup in anticipation of seasonal,
promotional and new product sales in the second half of the year and (iii) a
reduction in accrued expenses of $25.6 million as annual customer volume
rebates and incentive compensation were paid during the first half of 1997.

    cash used in investing activities for the six months ended june 30, 1997 of
$60.1 million was due to the acquisition of shade/allied and purchases of
equipment.

    net cash provided by financing activities during the first half of 1997 was
$92.0 million and primarily resulted from repayment of $18.0 million in
financing outstanding under the accounts receivable credit facility and
borrowings of $110.5 million under the bank credit agreement to finance:  (i)
such repayment, (ii) the acquisition of shade/allied, (iii) the purchases of
equipment and (iv) growth in working capital.

    management believes that based on current levels of operations and
anticipated internal growth, cash flow from operations, together with other
available sources of funds including borrowings under the bank credit agreement
and the accounts receivable facility and available cash on hand at june 30,
1997 of $1.6 million, will be adequate for the foreseeable future to make
required payments of principal and interest on the company's indebtedness, to
fund anticipated capital expenditures, including anticipated capital
expenditures of approximately $8 million during the remainder of 1997, and
working capital requirements, and to enable the company and its subsidiaries to
comply with the terms of their debt agreements.  however, actual capital
requirements may change, particularly as a result of any acquisitions which the
company may make.  the ability of the company to meet its debt service
obligations and reduce its total debt will be dependent, however, upon the
future performance of the company and its subsidiaries which, in turn, will be
subject to general economic conditions and to financial, business and other
factors, including factors beyond the company's control.  a portion of the
consolidated debt of the company bears interest at floating rates; therefore,
its financial condition is and will continue to be affected by changes in
prevailing interest rates.  the company has entered into an interest rate
protection agreement to minimize the impact from a rise in interest rates.




                                       15
<page>   16
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

inflation

    the company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its
results of operations for the three and six months ended june 30, 1997 and
1996.

newly issued accounting standard

    the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued statement of
financial accounting standards no. 128, earnings per share, which is effective
december 15, 1997 and which prescribes a new presentation of earnings per share
amounts as either "basic" or "diluted."  basic earnings per share is to be
calculated as net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of common
stock.  diluted earnings per share is to be calculated in a manner similar to
the "primary" earnings per share currently presented by the company.  diluted
earnings per share is calculated as net income divided the number of
outstanding shares of common stock, as adjusted for common stock options.  the
company intends to implement the new accounting at the end of 1997 and, as part
of its 1997 annual report to shareholders and form 10-k, will restate its
quarterly earnings per share following the guidelines in the new accounting
standard.  if the new standard had been implemented during the second quarter
of 1997, earnings per share would have been presented as follows:

<table>
<caption>
                                        three months ended june 30,         six months ended june 30,
                                        ---------------------------         -------------------------
                                               1997       1996                    1997     1996    
                                               ----       ----                    ----     ----    
    <s> <c> <c> <c> <c>      
    basic earnings per share                  $0.17      $(0.02)                  $0.32    $(0.02) 
    diluted earnings per share                $0.16      $(0.02)                  $0.30    $(0.02) 
</c></c></c></c></s></caption></table>                                            

forward-looking statements

    the company is including the following cautionary statement in this form
10-q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 for any forward-looking
statements made by, or on behalf of, the company.  forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts.  from time to time, the company
may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this
nature.  all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or
oral and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are also expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements.  certain statements contained herein
are forward-looking statements and accordingly involve risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements
contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in
turn, upon further assumptions.  the company's expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the company to have
a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management's examination of
historical operating trends, data contained in the company's records and other
data available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that
management's expectation, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished.  in addition to the other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following are important factors that, in the view of the company,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements:

    1.   changes in economic conditions, in particular those which affect the
         retail and wholesale office product markets.

    2.   changes in the availability and/or price of paper, in particular if
         increases in the price of paper are not passed along to the company's
         customers.

    3.   changes in senior management or control of the company.

    4.   inability to obtain new customers or retain existing ones.

    5.   significant changes in competitive factors, including product pricing
         conditions, affecting the company.  

    6.   governmental/regulatory actions and initiatives, including, those 
         affecting financings.

    7.   significant changes from expectations in actual capital expenditures
         and operating expenses.  

    8.   occurrences affecting the company's ability to obtain funds from 
         operations, debt or equity to finance needed capital expenditures and
         other investments.



                                       16
<page>   17
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)


    9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

    10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
         and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were
         to occur.

    11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
         principles to the company.

    the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

    the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.

===============================================================================

                           part ii  other information

item 4       submission of matters to a vote of security holders

    the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.  the
following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:

<table>
<caption>
                                                              withheld, against
               matter                               approved     or abstained
               ------                              ---------- -----------------
<s> <c> <c>
election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
     and gregory m. benson .....................   22,461,798       577,320

ratification of price waterhouse llp as 
     independent auditors for the company.......   23,031,223         3,895
</c></c></s></caption></table>


item 6       exhibits and reports on form 8-k

      (a)   exhibits.  the following exhibits are filed herewith and made a 
            part hereof:

<table>
<caption>

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------
         <s> <c>
         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule
</c></s></caption></table>

      (b)   reports on form 8-k.

      the following report on form 8-k, which pertains to the acquisition of
      shade/allied, was filed during the second quarter of 1997:

          current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
      company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical
      financial statements.





                                       17
<page>   18
                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, american
pad &amp; paper company and american pad &amp; paper company of delaware, inc. have
duly caused this report to be signed on august 14, 1997 on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


/s/ kevin w. mcaleer                  /s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ----------------------------          -------------------------------
kevin w. mcaleer                      william w. solomon, jr.
chief financial officer               vice president - controller
principal financial officer           principal accounting officer






                                       18
<page>   19
                               index to exhibits

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------

         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule

</page></page></page></page></page></page></page><page>   14
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

three months ended june 30, 1997 compared to three months ended june 30, 1996

    net sales for the three months ended june 30, 1997 increased by $53.1
million, or 46.5%, to $167.2 million from $114.1 million for the three months
ended june 30, 1996.  of this net sales increase, $26.2 million is related to
the acquisition of niagara and $17.3 million is related to the acquisition of
shade/allied.  net sales from existing operations increased by approximately
$9.6 million primarily as the result of strong sales in the superstores and
contract stationers customer channels.

    gross profit for the three months ended june 30, 1997 increased by $7.9
million, or 31.6%, to $32.8 million from $24.9 million for the three months
ended june 30, 1996.  approximately $4.0 million of the increase in gross
profit is attributable to the acquisition of niagara and $2.3 million is
attributable to the shade/allied acquisition.  the remaining increase in gross
profit of approximately $1.6 million is attributable to the increased sales
from existing operations.  gross profit margin decreased to 19.6% for the three
months ended june 30, 1997 from 21.9% for the three months ended june 30, 1996.
the decrease in gross profit margin is primarily attributable to increases in
sales of relatively lower margin products, including those of shade/allied, in
the second quarter of 1997.

    sg&amp;a; expenses for the three months ended june 30, 1997 increased $1.7
million, or 15.2%, to $12.9 million from $11.2 million for the three months 
ended june 30, 1996.  the acquisitions of niagara and shade/allied resulted in
additional expense for the three months ended june 30, 1997 of approximately
$2.0 million which was partially offset by increased efficiencies.  management
fees and services expense for the second quarter of 1997 increased by
approximately $1.3 million as compared to the same quarter of 1996 due
primarily to a one year non-recurring consulting agreement with the former
president of niagara.

    interest expense for the three months ended june 30, 1997 decreased $2.9
million to $9.6 million from $12.5 million for the three months ended june 30,
1996.  the decrease is primarily attributable to the reduction in long-term
debt which resulted from the company's initial public offering of common stock
in the third quarter of 1996.  this decrease in indebtedness was partially
offset by increased borrowings required for the shade/allied acquisition and
for the increase in working capital.

    the income tax provision for the three month period ended june 30, 1997
reflects an effective tax rate of 45.0% versus an effective tax rate of 43.1%
for the three month period ended june 30, 1996.  the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the niagara
and shade/allied acquisitions.

six months ended june 30, 1997 compared to six months ended june 30, 1996

    net sales for the six months ended june 30, 1997 increased by $82.8
million, or 35.3%, to $317.0 million from $234.2 million for the six months
ended june 30, 1996.  of this net sales increase, $52.7 million is related to
the acquisition of niagara and $28.3 million is related to the acquisition of
shade/allied. the remaining increase of approximately $1.8 million is
attributable to existing operations.

    gross profit for the six months ended june 30, 1997 increased by $15.3
million, or 31.6%, to $63.8 million from $48.5 million for the six months ended
june 30, 1996.  approximately $7.5 million of the increase in gross profit is
attributable to the acquisition of niagara and $3.4 million is attributable to
the shade/allied acquisition.  the remaining increase in gross profit of
approximately $4.5 million is primarily attributable to increased sales of
higher margin proprietary products from existing operations, particularly in
the first quarter of 1997.  gross profit margin decreased to 20.1% for the six
months ended june 30, 1997 from 20.7% for the six months ended june 30, 1996.
the decrease in gross profit margin is primarily attributable to the addition
of sales of the relatively lower margin shade/allied products during the first
half of 1997.




                                       14
<page>   15
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

    sg&amp;a; expenses for the six months ended june 30, 1997 increased $4.9
million, or 22.6%, to $26.6 million from $21.7 million for the six months ended
june 30, 1996.  the acquisitions of niagara and shade/allied resulted in
additional expense for the six months ended june 30, 1997 of approximately $4.3
million. management fees and services expense for the first half of 1997
increased by approximately $2.6 million as compared to the first half of 1996
due primarily to a one year non-recurring consulting agreement with the former
president of niagara.

    interest expense for the six months ended june 30, 1997 decreased $7.2
million to $17.8 million from $25.0 million for the six months ended june 30,
1996.  the decrease is primarily attributable to the reduction in long-term
debt which resulted from the company's initial public offering of common stock
in the third quarter of 1996.  this decrease in indebtedness was partially
offset by increased borrowings required for the shade/allied acquisition and
for the increase in working capital.

    the income tax provision for the six month period ended june 30, 1997
reflects an effective tax rate of 45.0% versus an effective tax rate of 43.2%
for the six month period ended june 30, 1996.  the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the niagara
and shade/allied acquisitions.

liquidity and capital resources

    net cash used by operating activities for the six months ended june 30,
1997 of $32.5 million was primarily the net result of the following:  (i) a
reduction of accounts receivable of $11.4 million as seasonal accounts
receivable were collected during the first part of the year, (ii) an increase
in inventories of $33.4 million due to a buildup in anticipation of seasonal,
promotional and new product sales in the second half of the year and (iii) a
reduction in accrued expenses of $25.6 million as annual customer volume
rebates and incentive compensation were paid during the first half of 1997.

    cash used in investing activities for the six months ended june 30, 1997 of
$60.1 million was due to the acquisition of shade/allied and purchases of
equipment.

    net cash provided by financing activities during the first half of 1997 was
$92.0 million and primarily resulted from repayment of $18.0 million in
financing outstanding under the accounts receivable credit facility and
borrowings of $110.5 million under the bank credit agreement to finance:  (i)
such repayment, (ii) the acquisition of shade/allied, (iii) the purchases of
equipment and (iv) growth in working capital.

    management believes that based on current levels of operations and
anticipated internal growth, cash flow from operations, together with other
available sources of funds including borrowings under the bank credit agreement
and the accounts receivable facility and available cash on hand at june 30,
1997 of $1.6 million, will be adequate for the foreseeable future to make
required payments of principal and interest on the company's indebtedness, to
fund anticipated capital expenditures, including anticipated capital
expenditures of approximately $8 million during the remainder of 1997, and
working capital requirements, and to enable the company and its subsidiaries to
comply with the terms of their debt agreements.  however, actual capital
requirements may change, particularly as a result of any acquisitions which the
company may make.  the ability of the company to meet its debt service
obligations and reduce its total debt will be dependent, however, upon the
future performance of the company and its subsidiaries which, in turn, will be
subject to general economic conditions and to financial, business and other
factors, including factors beyond the company's control.  a portion of the
consolidated debt of the company bears interest at floating rates; therefore,
its financial condition is and will continue to be affected by changes in
prevailing interest rates.  the company has entered into an interest rate
protection agreement to minimize the impact from a rise in interest rates.




                                       15
<page>   16
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

inflation

    the company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its
results of operations for the three and six months ended june 30, 1997 and
1996.

newly issued accounting standard

    the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued statement of
financial accounting standards no. 128, earnings per share, which is effective
december 15, 1997 and which prescribes a new presentation of earnings per share
amounts as either "basic" or "diluted."  basic earnings per share is to be
calculated as net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of common
stock.  diluted earnings per share is to be calculated in a manner similar to
the "primary" earnings per share currently presented by the company.  diluted
earnings per share is calculated as net income divided the number of
outstanding shares of common stock, as adjusted for common stock options.  the
company intends to implement the new accounting at the end of 1997 and, as part
of its 1997 annual report to shareholders and form 10-k, will restate its
quarterly earnings per share following the guidelines in the new accounting
standard.  if the new standard had been implemented during the second quarter
of 1997, earnings per share would have been presented as follows:

<table>
<caption>
                                        three months ended june 30,         six months ended june 30,
                                        ---------------------------         -------------------------
                                               1997       1996                    1997     1996    
                                               ----       ----                    ----     ----    
    <s> <c> <c> <c> <c>      
    basic earnings per share                  $0.17      $(0.02)                  $0.32    $(0.02) 
    diluted earnings per share                $0.16      $(0.02)                  $0.30    $(0.02) 
</c></c></c></c></s></caption></table>                                            

forward-looking statements

    the company is including the following cautionary statement in this form
10-q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 for any forward-looking
statements made by, or on behalf of, the company.  forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts.  from time to time, the company
may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this
nature.  all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or
oral and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are also expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements.  certain statements contained herein
are forward-looking statements and accordingly involve risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements
contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in
turn, upon further assumptions.  the company's expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the company to have
a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management's examination of
historical operating trends, data contained in the company's records and other
data available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that
management's expectation, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished.  in addition to the other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following are important factors that, in the view of the company,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements:

    1.   changes in economic conditions, in particular those which affect the
         retail and wholesale office product markets.

    2.   changes in the availability and/or price of paper, in particular if
         increases in the price of paper are not passed along to the company's
         customers.

    3.   changes in senior management or control of the company.

    4.   inability to obtain new customers or retain existing ones.

    5.   significant changes in competitive factors, including product pricing
         conditions, affecting the company.  

    6.   governmental/regulatory actions and initiatives, including, those 
         affecting financings.

    7.   significant changes from expectations in actual capital expenditures
         and operating expenses.  

    8.   occurrences affecting the company's ability to obtain funds from 
         operations, debt or equity to finance needed capital expenditures and
         other investments.



                                       16
<page>   17
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)


    9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

    10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
         and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were
         to occur.

    11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
         principles to the company.

    the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

    the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.

===============================================================================

                           part ii  other information

item 4       submission of matters to a vote of security holders

    the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.  the
following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:

<table>
<caption>
                                                              withheld, against
               matter                               approved     or abstained
               ------                              ---------- -----------------
<s> <c> <c>
election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
     and gregory m. benson .....................   22,461,798       577,320

ratification of price waterhouse llp as 
     independent auditors for the company.......   23,031,223         3,895
</c></c></s></caption></table>


item 6       exhibits and reports on form 8-k

      (a)   exhibits.  the following exhibits are filed herewith and made a 
            part hereof:

<table>
<caption>

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------
         <s> <c>
         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule
</c></s></caption></table>

      (b)   reports on form 8-k.

      the following report on form 8-k, which pertains to the acquisition of
      shade/allied, was filed during the second quarter of 1997:

          current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
      company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical
      financial statements.





                                       17
<page>   18
                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, american
pad &amp; paper company and american pad &amp; paper company of delaware, inc. have
duly caused this report to be signed on august 14, 1997 on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


/s/ kevin w. mcaleer                  /s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ----------------------------          -------------------------------
kevin w. mcaleer                      william w. solomon, jr.
chief financial officer               vice president - controller
principal financial officer           principal accounting officer






                                       18
<page>   19
                               index to exhibits

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------

         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule

</page></page></page></page></page></page><page>   15
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

    sg&amp;a; expenses for the six months ended june 30, 1997 increased $4.9
million, or 22.6%, to $26.6 million from $21.7 million for the six months ended
june 30, 1996.  the acquisitions of niagara and shade/allied resulted in
additional expense for the six months ended june 30, 1997 of approximately $4.3
million. management fees and services expense for the first half of 1997
increased by approximately $2.6 million as compared to the first half of 1996
due primarily to a one year non-recurring consulting agreement with the former
president of niagara.

    interest expense for the six months ended june 30, 1997 decreased $7.2
million to $17.8 million from $25.0 million for the six months ended june 30,
1996.  the decrease is primarily attributable to the reduction in long-term
debt which resulted from the company's initial public offering of common stock
in the third quarter of 1996.  this decrease in indebtedness was partially
offset by increased borrowings required for the shade/allied acquisition and
for the increase in working capital.

    the income tax provision for the six month period ended june 30, 1997
reflects an effective tax rate of 45.0% versus an effective tax rate of 43.2%
for the six month period ended june 30, 1996.  the increase is attributable
primarily to the nondeductible goodwill amortization resulting from the niagara
and shade/allied acquisitions.

liquidity and capital resources

    net cash used by operating activities for the six months ended june 30,
1997 of $32.5 million was primarily the net result of the following:  (i) a
reduction of accounts receivable of $11.4 million as seasonal accounts
receivable were collected during the first part of the year, (ii) an increase
in inventories of $33.4 million due to a buildup in anticipation of seasonal,
promotional and new product sales in the second half of the year and (iii) a
reduction in accrued expenses of $25.6 million as annual customer volume
rebates and incentive compensation were paid during the first half of 1997.

    cash used in investing activities for the six months ended june 30, 1997 of
$60.1 million was due to the acquisition of shade/allied and purchases of
equipment.

    net cash provided by financing activities during the first half of 1997 was
$92.0 million and primarily resulted from repayment of $18.0 million in
financing outstanding under the accounts receivable credit facility and
borrowings of $110.5 million under the bank credit agreement to finance:  (i)
such repayment, (ii) the acquisition of shade/allied, (iii) the purchases of
equipment and (iv) growth in working capital.

    management believes that based on current levels of operations and
anticipated internal growth, cash flow from operations, together with other
available sources of funds including borrowings under the bank credit agreement
and the accounts receivable facility and available cash on hand at june 30,
1997 of $1.6 million, will be adequate for the foreseeable future to make
required payments of principal and interest on the company's indebtedness, to
fund anticipated capital expenditures, including anticipated capital
expenditures of approximately $8 million during the remainder of 1997, and
working capital requirements, and to enable the company and its subsidiaries to
comply with the terms of their debt agreements.  however, actual capital
requirements may change, particularly as a result of any acquisitions which the
company may make.  the ability of the company to meet its debt service
obligations and reduce its total debt will be dependent, however, upon the
future performance of the company and its subsidiaries which, in turn, will be
subject to general economic conditions and to financial, business and other
factors, including factors beyond the company's control.  a portion of the
consolidated debt of the company bears interest at floating rates; therefore,
its financial condition is and will continue to be affected by changes in
prevailing interest rates.  the company has entered into an interest rate
protection agreement to minimize the impact from a rise in interest rates.




                                       15
<page>   16
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

inflation

    the company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its
results of operations for the three and six months ended june 30, 1997 and
1996.

newly issued accounting standard

    the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued statement of
financial accounting standards no. 128, earnings per share, which is effective
december 15, 1997 and which prescribes a new presentation of earnings per share
amounts as either "basic" or "diluted."  basic earnings per share is to be
calculated as net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of common
stock.  diluted earnings per share is to be calculated in a manner similar to
the "primary" earnings per share currently presented by the company.  diluted
earnings per share is calculated as net income divided the number of
outstanding shares of common stock, as adjusted for common stock options.  the
company intends to implement the new accounting at the end of 1997 and, as part
of its 1997 annual report to shareholders and form 10-k, will restate its
quarterly earnings per share following the guidelines in the new accounting
standard.  if the new standard had been implemented during the second quarter
of 1997, earnings per share would have been presented as follows:

<table>
<caption>
                                        three months ended june 30,         six months ended june 30,
                                        ---------------------------         -------------------------
                                               1997       1996                    1997     1996    
                                               ----       ----                    ----     ----    
    <s> <c> <c> <c> <c>      
    basic earnings per share                  $0.17      $(0.02)                  $0.32    $(0.02) 
    diluted earnings per share                $0.16      $(0.02)                  $0.30    $(0.02) 
</c></c></c></c></s></caption></table>                                            

forward-looking statements

    the company is including the following cautionary statement in this form
10-q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 for any forward-looking
statements made by, or on behalf of, the company.  forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts.  from time to time, the company
may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this
nature.  all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or
oral and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are also expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements.  certain statements contained herein
are forward-looking statements and accordingly involve risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements
contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in
turn, upon further assumptions.  the company's expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the company to have
a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management's examination of
historical operating trends, data contained in the company's records and other
data available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that
management's expectation, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished.  in addition to the other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following are important factors that, in the view of the company,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements:

    1.   changes in economic conditions, in particular those which affect the
         retail and wholesale office product markets.

    2.   changes in the availability and/or price of paper, in particular if
         increases in the price of paper are not passed along to the company's
         customers.

    3.   changes in senior management or control of the company.

    4.   inability to obtain new customers or retain existing ones.

    5.   significant changes in competitive factors, including product pricing
         conditions, affecting the company.  

    6.   governmental/regulatory actions and initiatives, including, those 
         affecting financings.

    7.   significant changes from expectations in actual capital expenditures
         and operating expenses.  

    8.   occurrences affecting the company's ability to obtain funds from 
         operations, debt or equity to finance needed capital expenditures and
         other investments.



                                       16
<page>   17
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)


    9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

    10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
         and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were
         to occur.

    11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
         principles to the company.

    the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

    the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.

===============================================================================

                           part ii  other information

item 4       submission of matters to a vote of security holders

    the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.  the
following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:

<table>
<caption>
                                                              withheld, against
               matter                               approved     or abstained
               ------                              ---------- -----------------
<s> <c> <c>
election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
     and gregory m. benson .....................   22,461,798       577,320

ratification of price waterhouse llp as 
     independent auditors for the company.......   23,031,223         3,895
</c></c></s></caption></table>


item 6       exhibits and reports on form 8-k

      (a)   exhibits.  the following exhibits are filed herewith and made a 
            part hereof:

<table>
<caption>

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------
         <s> <c>
         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule
</c></s></caption></table>

      (b)   reports on form 8-k.

      the following report on form 8-k, which pertains to the acquisition of
      shade/allied, was filed during the second quarter of 1997:

          current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
      company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical
      financial statements.





                                       17
<page>   18
                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, american
pad &amp; paper company and american pad &amp; paper company of delaware, inc. have
duly caused this report to be signed on august 14, 1997 on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


/s/ kevin w. mcaleer                  /s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ----------------------------          -------------------------------
kevin w. mcaleer                      william w. solomon, jr.
chief financial officer               vice president - controller
principal financial officer           principal accounting officer






                                       18
<page>   19
                               index to exhibits

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------

         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule

</page></page></page></page></page><page>   16
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)

inflation

    the company believes that inflation has not had a material impact on its
results of operations for the three and six months ended june 30, 1997 and
1996.

newly issued accounting standard

    the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued statement of
financial accounting standards no. 128, earnings per share, which is effective
december 15, 1997 and which prescribes a new presentation of earnings per share
amounts as either "basic" or "diluted."  basic earnings per share is to be
calculated as net income divided by the number of outstanding shares of common
stock.  diluted earnings per share is to be calculated in a manner similar to
the "primary" earnings per share currently presented by the company.  diluted
earnings per share is calculated as net income divided the number of
outstanding shares of common stock, as adjusted for common stock options.  the
company intends to implement the new accounting at the end of 1997 and, as part
of its 1997 annual report to shareholders and form 10-k, will restate its
quarterly earnings per share following the guidelines in the new accounting
standard.  if the new standard had been implemented during the second quarter
of 1997, earnings per share would have been presented as follows:

<table>
<caption>
                                        three months ended june 30,         six months ended june 30,
                                        ---------------------------         -------------------------
                                               1997       1996                    1997     1996    
                                               ----       ----                    ----     ----    
    <s> <c> <c> <c> <c>      
    basic earnings per share                  $0.17      $(0.02)                  $0.32    $(0.02) 
    diluted earnings per share                $0.16      $(0.02)                  $0.30    $(0.02) 
</c></c></c></c></s></caption></table>                                            

forward-looking statements

    the company is including the following cautionary statement in this form
10-q to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 for any forward-looking
statements made by, or on behalf of, the company.  forward-looking statements
include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future
events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which
are other than statements of historical facts.  from time to time, the company
may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this
nature.  all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or
oral and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are also expressly
qualified by these cautionary statements.  certain statements contained herein
are forward-looking statements and accordingly involve risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in the forward-looking statements.  the forward-looking statements
contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in
turn, upon further assumptions.  the company's expectations, beliefs and
projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by the company to have
a reasonable basis, including without limitation, management's examination of
historical operating trends, data contained in the company's records and other
data available from third parties, but there can be no assurance that
management's expectation, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or
accomplished.  in addition to the other factors and matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following are important factors that, in the view of the company,
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the
forward-looking statements:

    1.   changes in economic conditions, in particular those which affect the
         retail and wholesale office product markets.

    2.   changes in the availability and/or price of paper, in particular if
         increases in the price of paper are not passed along to the company's
         customers.

    3.   changes in senior management or control of the company.

    4.   inability to obtain new customers or retain existing ones.

    5.   significant changes in competitive factors, including product pricing
         conditions, affecting the company.  

    6.   governmental/regulatory actions and initiatives, including, those 
         affecting financings.

    7.   significant changes from expectations in actual capital expenditures
         and operating expenses.  

    8.   occurrences affecting the company's ability to obtain funds from 
         operations, debt or equity to finance needed capital expenditures and
         other investments.



                                       16
<page>   17
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)


    9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

    10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
         and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were
         to occur.

    11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
         principles to the company.

    the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

    the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.

===============================================================================

                           part ii  other information

item 4       submission of matters to a vote of security holders

    the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.  the
following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:

<table>
<caption>
                                                              withheld, against
               matter                               approved     or abstained
               ------                              ---------- -----------------
<s> <c> <c>
election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
     and gregory m. benson .....................   22,461,798       577,320

ratification of price waterhouse llp as 
     independent auditors for the company.......   23,031,223         3,895
</c></c></s></caption></table>


item 6       exhibits and reports on form 8-k

      (a)   exhibits.  the following exhibits are filed herewith and made a 
            part hereof:

<table>
<caption>

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------
         <s> <c>
         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule
</c></s></caption></table>

      (b)   reports on form 8-k.

      the following report on form 8-k, which pertains to the acquisition of
      shade/allied, was filed during the second quarter of 1997:

          current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
      company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical
      financial statements.





                                       17
<page>   18
                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, american
pad &amp; paper company and american pad &amp; paper company of delaware, inc. have
duly caused this report to be signed on august 14, 1997 on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


/s/ kevin w. mcaleer                  /s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ----------------------------          -------------------------------
kevin w. mcaleer                      william w. solomon, jr.
chief financial officer               vice president - controller
principal financial officer           principal accounting officer






                                       18
<page>   19
                               index to exhibits

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------

         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule

</page></page></page></page><page>   17
                          american pad &amp; paper company
       management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
                            results of operations
                                  (continued)


    9.   significant changes in rates of interest, inflation or taxes.

    10.  significant changes in the company's relationship with its employees
         and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievance were
         to occur.

    11.  changes in accounting principles and/or the application of such
         principles to the company.

    the foregoing factors could affect the company's actual results and could
cause the company's actual results during 1997 and beyond to be materially
different from any anticipated results expressed in any forward-looking
statement made by or on behalf of the company.

    the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or other circumstances after date hereof.

===============================================================================

                           part ii  other information

item 4       submission of matters to a vote of security holders

    the company held its annual meeting of shareholders on april 22, 1997.  the
following matters were submitted to a vote of shareholders of the company's
common stock with the results indicated below:

<table>
<caption>
                                                              withheld, against
               matter                               approved     or abstained
               ------                              ---------- -----------------
<s> <c> <c>
election of class i directors - jonathan lavine
     and gregory m. benson .....................   22,461,798       577,320

ratification of price waterhouse llp as 
     independent auditors for the company.......   23,031,223         3,895
</c></c></s></caption></table>


item 6       exhibits and reports on form 8-k

      (a)   exhibits.  the following exhibits are filed herewith and made a 
            part hereof:

<table>
<caption>

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------
         <s> <c>
         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule
</c></s></caption></table>

      (b)   reports on form 8-k.

      the following report on form 8-k, which pertains to the acquisition of
      shade/allied, was filed during the second quarter of 1997:

          current report on form 8-k/a filed april 24, 1997 relating to the
      company's pro forma financial statements and shade/allied's historical
      financial statements.





                                       17
<page>   18
                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, american
pad &amp; paper company and american pad &amp; paper company of delaware, inc. have
duly caused this report to be signed on august 14, 1997 on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


/s/ kevin w. mcaleer                  /s/ william w. solomon, jr.
- ----------------------------          -------------------------------
kevin w. mcaleer                      william w. solomon, jr.
chief financial officer               vice president - controller
principal financial officer           principal accounting officer






                                       18
<page>   19
                               index to exhibits

       exhibit no.          description of exhibit
       -----------          ----------------------

         10.1        change of control agreement by and between the company 
                     and kevin w. mcaleer

         10.2        indemnification agreement by and between the company and 
                     its officers and directors

         27.1        financial data schedule

</page></page></page>