<c>
part i.    financial information

           item 1.  financial statements

                    condensed consolidated statements of operations
                    (unaudited) for the three months and six months ended
                    june 30, 1998 and june 29, 1997.................................................    2

                    condensed consolidated balance sheets
                    as of june 30, 1998 (unaudited) and december 28, 1997...........................    3

                    condensed consolidated statements of cash flows (unaudited)
                    for the six months ended june 30, 1998 and june 29, 1997........................    4

                    notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited)................    5

           item 2.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition
                    and results of operations.......................................................   19

part ii.   other information

           item 1.  legal proceedings...............................................................   28

           item 4.  submission of matters to a vote of security holders.............................   29

           item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k ..............................................    30

signature  .........................................................................................   31
</c><page>


item 2. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations

     the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the three
and six months ended june 30, 1998 and june 29, 1997.

acquisitions

     on march 30, 1998, the company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, acquired
approximately 81% of the total number of then outstanding shares of common stock
of the coleman company, inc. ("coleman"), in exchange for 14,099,749 shares of
the company's common stock and approximately $160 million in cash as well as the
assumption of $1,016 million in debt. the company expects to acquire the
remaining equity interest in coleman pursuant to a merger transaction in which
the existing coleman minority shareholders will receive approximately 6.7
million shares of common stock and approximately $87 million in cash. although
there can be no assurance, it is anticipated the coleman merger will occur in
the first half of fiscal 1999. (see note 2 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements). coleman is a leading manufacturer and marketer of
consumer products for the worldwide outdoor recreation market. its products have
been sold domestically under the coleman /registered trademark/ brand name since
the 1920's.

     on april 6, 1998, the company completed the cash acquisitions of first
alert, inc. ("first alert"), a leading manufacturer of smoke and carbon monoxide
detectors, and signature brands usa, inc. ("signature brands"), a leading
manufacturer of consumer and professional products. the first alert and the
signature brands acquisitions were valued at approximately $178 million and $253
million, respectively, including the assumption of debt.

     the acquisitions were recorded under the purchase method of accounting; and
accordingly, the results of operations of each acquired entity are included in
the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations from the
respective dates of acquisition. the purchase prices of the acquired entities
have been allocated to individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed based
on preliminary estimates of fair market values at the dates of acquisition. the
purchase price allocations for the acquisitions will be revised when additional
information concerning asset and liability valuations is obtained. adjustments,
which could be significant, will be made during the allocation periods based on
detailed reviews of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
and could result in a substantial change in goodwill and other intangible
assets.

     to standardize the fiscal period ends of the company and the acquired
entities, effective with its 1998 fiscal year, the company has changed its
fiscal year end from the sunday nearest december 31 to a calendar year. (see
note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

three months ended june 30, 1998 compared to three months ended june 29, 1997

     results of operations for the three months ended june 30, 1998 include the
results of coleman for the entire period and of signature brands and first alert
from the date of acquisition. the acquired entities generated net sales of
$376.3 million in the quarter with corresponding gross margin of $79.0 million,
or 21.0% of sales. sg&amp;a; costs recorded by the acquired entities were $75.9
million in the period, yielding an operating profit of $3.1 million. included in
cost of sales of the acquired entities for the quarter was approximately $20
million of expense related to purchase accounting adjustments which require
adjusting the values of acquired inventories to fair market value at the date of
acquisition. accordingly, as these inventories are sold, the purchase accounting
adjustments related to these inventories (in this case, increases in inventory
values) are reflected in cost of sales. a year ago, for the full quarter, these
businesses generated sales approximately $69.0 million higher than in the second
quarter of 1998. the majority of this sales decrease occurred at coleman where
sales were impacted by fewer product lines resulting from the sale of a portion
of the business, exiting the pressure washer business during 1997, and a program
in 1997 to reduce sku's. softness in demand resulting from the domestic retail
channel's efforts to lower inventory levels and adverse economic conditions in
japan and southeast asia also impacted coleman's sales as compared with the
second quarter of the prior year. additionally, each acquired business
experienced a general disruption due to the acquisitions and management changes.
as compared with a year ago, signature brands sales were adversely affected by
product availability issues. excluding the impact of the purchase accounting
adjustments described above, gross margin generated by the acquired entities was
$24.3 million lower in 1998 than for the same quarter in 1997. the lower sales
at coleman and signature brands accounted for approximately 80% of this change,
while the remainder was principally due to a change in sales mix of signature
brands products and charges related primarily to excess and obsolete inventory.



                                       19
<page>


     in 1997 and the first half of 1998, the company built inventories in
anticipation of 1998 sales volumes which have not materialized. inventory on
hand at june 30, 1998, before consideration of allowances and inventories of
acquired entities, was nearly double the amount at the end of the second quarter
of 1997. as a result, it has been and will continue to be necessary to dispose
of some portions of this excess inventory at amounts less than cost.
accordingly, in the second quarter of 1998, the company recorded $46.4 million
in charges to properly state this inventory at lower-of-cost-or-market. of this
charge, a nominal amount related to an acquired entity. the company also
recorded a charge of $11.0 million for excess inventories for raw materials and
work in process which will not be used due to outsourcing the production of the
related products. additionally, the company decided to discontinue certain
product lines in the second quarter of 1998 and, accordingly, recorded a charge
of $26.6 million to properly state this inventory at lower-of-cost-or-market.
approximately 80% of this charge related to the recently developed air and water
filtration products and certain grill products.

     in the second quarter of 1998, as a result of decisions to outsource or
discontinue a substantial number of products previously made by the company,
certain facilities and equipment will either no longer be used or will be used
in a significantly different manner. accordingly, a charge of $29.6 million was
recorded to write certain of these assets down to reflect the fair market value
of items held for disposition. approximately 80% of this charge related to
machinery, equipment and tooling at the company's mexico city and hattiesburg,
mississippi manufacturing plants. personnel at the mexico city facility were
notified in the second quarter of 1998 that the plant is scheduled for closure
at year-end 1998, accordingly, a liability of $1.8 million was recorded in cost
of goods sold primarily for employee severance and other facility closure costs.
the company is in the process of assessing the impairment of certain other
assets to be retained by the company which will be used in a significantly
different manner as a result of the decisions to outsource or discontinue
certain products. additionally, the company is in the process of assessing the
expected future performance of its business operations. these assessments are
expected to be completed in the fourth quarter and are expected to result in
material adjustments to the valuation of assets used in the business.

     net sales as reported by sunbeam is comprised of gross sales less
provisions for estimated customer returns, discounts, promotional allowances,
cooperative advertising allowances and costs incurred by the company to ship
product to customers. net sales for the three months ended june 30, 1998 were
$578.5 million, an increase of $307.1 million versus the three months ended june
29, 1997. after excluding: (i) $376.3 million from 1998 sales generated by the
acquired entities, as discussed above, and (ii) $8.3 million from 1997 sales for
sales of discontinued inventory (which resulted primarily from the reduction of
sku's as part of the 1996 restructuring plan and for which the inventory
carrying value was substantially equivalent to the sales value) and a benefit
from the reduction of cooperative advertising accruals no longer required in
1997, net sales on an adjusted basis ("adjusted sales") were $202.2 million in
1998, a 23% decrease from $263.1 million in the second quarter of 1997. overall,
adjusted sales for the second quarter of 1998 were adversely impacted by
increased inventory positions at customers from sales made during 1997 and the
first quarter of 1998. in addition, the historical sunbeam operations were
adversely impacted by disruption from acquisition activities and management
changes in the period.

     domestic adjusted sales declined approximately $46 million from the second
quarter of 1997. the company believes nearly all of this decline was
attributable to declining retail inventory levels in the quarter as compared
with increasing levels in the same quarter of 1997. based on the company's
analyses, inventory positions at customers began increasing in the second
quarter of 1997, with significant growth occurring in the third and fourth
quarters of 1997. in the first quarter of 1998, it is believed retail inventory
levels of the company's products continued to increase, although not as markedly
as in either of the last two quarters of 1997. overall, the company believes
domestic retail inventory positions of the company's products increased nearly
$120 million from the second quarter of 1997 through the first quarter of 1998.
in the second quarter of 1998, these inventories are believed to have been
reduced by approximately 36%.

     international sales, which represented 22% of adjusted sales in the second
quarter of 1998, decreased approximately 26% compared with the second quarter of
1997's adjusted sales. this sales decline, which arose primarily in latin
america and canada, is believed to be due in part to decreasing customer
inventory levels as compared with the prior year. in addition, sales in latin
america were adversely impacted by lower sales to certain export distributors
and by poor economic conditions. in canada, sales were adversely impacted by a
loss of certain grill distribution.

     excluding: (i) the gross margin generated from the inclusion of the
acquired entities' operations in the quarter, as discussed above; (ii) the
charges in the second quarter of 1998 related to excess inventory and fixed
assets, as discussed above; (iii) a $4.0 million benefit in 1997 of reducing the
cooperative advertising accrual no longer required, and (iv) a $2.8 million
benefit recorded in the second quarter of 1997 resulting from capitalizing
manufacturing supplies inventories which were previously expensed, gross margin
declined to a loss of $21.7 million for the second quarter of 1998 versus a
profit of $48.5 million for the same period a year ago. the decline in sales
between years contributed to the decline in gross margin dollars generated.
gross margin was also adversely affected by price discounting, overall lower
market prices on breadmakers and an adverse product sales mix in 1998. the
adverse product sales mix was due in part to the loss of a majority of the grill
parts and accessories products distribution. parts and accessories generate
significantly better margins than the average margins on sales of grills. during
the second quarter of each year, grill and grill parts and accessories sales are
traditionally a higher portion of overall sales than during other quarters of
the year. due to the level of outdoor cooking products sales in the quarter and
the level of on-hand inventories, the company began the season-end ramp down of
production at the neosho outdoor cooking products facility earlier than
previously planned. this ramp down in manufacturing, along with costs associated
with a blanket recall, and certain adjustments related to physical inventories
drove the remaining


                                       20
<page>

increases in cost of goods sold in the quarter. operating results will be
adversely impacted due to higher inventory carrying costs and unabsorbed fixed
factory overhead during the remainder of the year.

     excluding the effect of: (i) $75.9 million of sg&amp;a; expense incurred by the
acquired entities; (ii) approximately $0.8 million of benefit in the second
quarter of 1998 from the reversal of deferred compensation charges recorded in
the first quarter; (iii) a $2.9 million benefit in the second quarter of 1998
and $0.4 million in 1997 from the reversal of reserves no longer required, and
(iv) $5.2 million of restructuring related charges recorded in 1997, sg&amp;a;
expenses were $68.6 million in 1998, double the amount for the same period in
1997. advertising and marketing costs were $11 million higher in 1998 than in
1997, due to a national television advertising campaign for grills, package
redesign costs, market research and the acceleration of advertising spending in
the year as compared with 1997. higher inventory levels in 1998 and costs
associated with outsourcing small parts fulfillment led to higher distribution
and warehousing costs which were $7 million greater than in the same period of
1997. corporate administrative costs were $11 million higher between years,
resulting primarily from increases in outside service provider fees, travel and
relocation fees, and other general administrative costs. higher bad debt charges
as compared with the prior year accounted for the majority of the remaining
increase in sg&amp;a; costs between years. these bad debt charges resulted nearly
equally from collection issues with certain customers in the us and in latin
america.

     operating results for the second quarters of 1998 and 1997, on an adjusted
basis as described above, were a loss of $90.3 million in 1998 and a profit of
$14.8 million in 1997. this change resulted from the factors discussed above.

     interest expense increased from $3.0 million in the second quarter of 1997
to $42.4 million in the second quarter of 1998 primarily related to higher
borrowing levels in 1998 for the acquisitions and funding for increased working
capital and operating losses. (see note 3 to the condensed consolidated
financial statements.)

     other expense, net in 1998 of $2.1 million and $0.3 million in 1997
primarily represents foreign exchange losses, principally from sunbeam's
operations in mexico, venezuela and canada.

     the minority interest reported for the second quarter of 1998 relates to
the minority interest held in coleman by public shareholders.

     income taxes in the second quarter of 1998 reflect foreign taxes and
franchise taxes. a valuation allowance has been provided in 1998 for deferred
tax assets generated by sunbeam's operations. the 1997 rate was higher than the
federal statutory income tax rate primarily due to state and local taxes plus
the effect of foreign earnings taxed at other rates.

     due to increased inventory positions at certain customers which resulted
from sales in 1997 and the first quarter of 1998, as well as increased inventory
positions at the company, sales and operating income will be materially affected
during the remainder of 1998 and into 1999. in addition, 1998 results will be
impacted materially by charges related to, among other items, a change in
management, changes in business operations resulting in part from acquisitions
in 1998, interest costs associated with higher debt levels, costs associated
with litigation and asset impairment costs, as well as costs related to year
2000 issues. (see "liquidity and capital resources", below, and notes 2, 3, 6,
10 and 11 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

     in the second quarter of 1998, the company prepaid certain debt assumed in
the acquisitions. in connection with the early extinguishment of this debt, the
company recognized an extraordinary charge of $103.1 million ($1.02 per share).

six months ended june 30, 1998 compared to six months ended june 29, 1997

     results of operations for the six months ended june 30, 1998 include the
results of coleman for march 30 and 31, 1998 and the entire second quarter and
of signature brands and first alert from april 6, 1998. the acquired entities
generated net sales of $391.1 million in the period since the acquisitions with
corresponding gross margin of $83.1 million, or 21.2% of sales. sg&amp;a; costs
recorded by the acquired entities were $79.6 million in the period, yielding an
operating profit of $3.5 million. included in cost of sales of the acquired
entities was approximately $20 million of expense related to purchase accounting
adjustments which require adjusting the values of acquired inventories to fair
market value at the date of acquisition. accordingly, as these inventories are
sold, the purchase accounting adjustments related to these inventories (in this
case, increases in inventory values) are reflected in cost of sales. a year ago,
on a year-to-date basis, these acquired entities generated sales approximately
$122 million higher than for the current year-to-date. the majority of this
decrease occurred at coleman where sales were impacted by fewer product lines
resulting from the sale of a portion of the business, exiting the pressure
washer business during 1997, and a program in 1997 to reduce sku's. softness in
demand resulting from the domestic retail channel's efforts to lower inventory
levels and adverse economic conditions in japan and southeast asia also impacted
coleman's sales as compared with the first half of the prior year. additionally,
each acquired business experienced a general disruption due to the acquisitions
and management changes. the remaining sales decline between years was from
signature brands where sales were adversely affected by product availability
issues. excluding the impact of the purchase accounting adjustments, as
described above, gross margins generated by the acquired entities were $50.0
million lower in the first half of 1998 as compared to the same period in the
prior year. the lower sales at coleman and signature brands accounted for
approximately 80% of this change, while the remainder was principally due to a
change in the sales mix of signature brands products, increases in product
returns at first alert and charges related primarily to excess and obsolete
inventory.


                                       21
<page>

     net sales for the six months ended june 30, 1998 were $826.1 million, an
increase of $302.2 million versus the six months ended june 29, 1997. after
excluding: (i) $391.1 million of sales generated by the acquired entities, as
discussed above; (ii) approximately $4 million of higher sales in 1998 resulting
from the change in fiscal year end, as described in note 1 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements; (iii) $18.0 million from 1997 sales of
discontinued inventory which resulted primarily from the reduction of sku's as
part of the 1996 restructuring plan and for which the inventory carrying value
was substantially equivalent to the sales value; (iv) $4.2 million from 1997
sales relating to divested product lines which are not classified as
discontinued operations (time and temperature products and counselor /
registered trademark/ and borg /registered trademark/ branded scales), and (v) a
$4.0 million benefit from the reduction of cooperative advertising accruals no
longer required in 1997, net sales on an adjusted basis ("adjusted sales") of
$431.4 million were down approximately 13% from $497.6 million in the first half
of 1997. overall, product sales were adversely impacted by decreasing inventory
positions at customers, price discounting and higher provisions for estimated
returns, costs to ship products to customers, rebates and other customer
allowances.

     domestic adjusted sales declined approximately $59 million from the first
half of 1997. nearly all of this decline was from the outdoor cooking and
appliance categories, with the majority of the change due to outdoor cooking.
during 1997, the company lost a significant portion of its outdoor cooking
products distribution, including the majority of its grill parts and accessories
products distribution. the outdoor cooking products sales decline was
attributable to this lost distribution, to high levels of retail inventory from
sales in the fourth quarter of 1997, to price discounting and higher customer
allowances. the company believes the decline in sales in the appliance category
resulted primarily from increasing retail inventory levels for the first six
months of 1997 as compared with decreasing levels in 1998.

     international sales, which represented 24% of adjusted sales in the first
half of 1998, decreased approximately 6% compared with the first half of 1997's
adjusted sales. this sales decline was attributable primarily to changes in
customer inventory levels, lower sales to certain export distributors, grill
distribution losses in canada, and by poor economic conditions in latin america.

     excluding: (i) the gross margin generated from the inclusion of the
acquired entities' operations in the period, as discussed above; (ii) the impact
of the change in fiscal year-end as discussed in note 1 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements; (iii) the charges in the second quarter of
1998 related to excess inventory and fixed assets, as discussed above; (iv) $4.0
million from the benefit in 1997 of reducing the cooperative advertising accrual
no longer required, and (v) a $2.8 million benefit recorded in the second
quarter of 1997 resulting from capitalizing manufacturing supplies inventories
which were previously expensed, gross margin declined to $7.4 million for the
first half of 1998 versus $106.8 million for the same period a year ago.
approximately half of the decrease is attributable to lower price realization
and higher costs of customer allowances, rebates and similar incentives in 1998,
higher product return reserves and an adverse product sales mix in 1998. the
adverse product sales mix was due in part to the loss of a majority of the grill
parts and accessories products distribution. parts and accessories generate
significantly better margins than the average margins on sales of grills. during
the first half of each year, grill and grill parts and accessories sales are
traditionally a higher portion of overall sales than during the last half of the
year. lower sales volume, unfavorable manufacturing efficiencies from lower
production levels, along with costs associated with a blanket recall, and
certain adjustments related to physical inventories drove the majority of the
remaining increases in cost of good sold in the period.

     excluding the effect of: (i) $79.6 million of sg&amp;a; charges in the acquired
entities; (ii) approximately $0.8 million of sg&amp;a; expense in 1998 from the
change in the fiscal period; (iii) a $5.9 million benefit in the first half of
1998 and a $0.9 million benefit in the same period in 1997 from the reversal of
reserves no longer required; (iv) $30.4 million of charges recorded in 1998
related to compensation for former executives, and (v) $9.3 million of
restructuring related charges recorded in 1997, sg&amp;a; expenses were $107.1
million in 1998, 50% higher than the same period in 1997. nearly all of this
increase between years occurred in the second quarter and is explained in the
comparison of results in the second quarter, above.

     operating results for the first halves of 1998 and 1997, on an adjusted
basis as described above, were a loss of $99.7 million in 1998 and a profit of
$35.5 million in 1997. this change resulted from the factors discussed above.

     interest expense increased from $5.0 million in the first half of 1997 to
$47.5 million in the first half of 1998. nearly all of the change related to
higher borrowing levels in 1998 for the acquisitions and increased funding for
working capital and the operating losses. (see note 3 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.)

     other expense, net in 1998 of $5.3 million and $0.4 million in 1997
primarily represents foreign exchange losses, principally from sunbeam's
operations in mexico, venezuela and canada.

     the minority interest reported in 1998 relates to the minority interest
held in coleman by public shareholders.

     income taxes in 1998 reflect foreign taxes and franchise taxes. a valuation
allowance has been provided in 1998 for deferred tax assets generated by
sunbeam's operations. the 1997 rate was higher than the federal statutory income
tax rate primarily due to state and local taxes plus the effect of foreign
earnings taxed at other rates.


                                       22
<page>

     in 1998, the company prepaid certain debt assumed in the acquisitions and
prepaid an industrial revenue bond related to its hattiesburg facility. in
connection with the early extinguishment of this debt, the company recognized an
extraordinary charge of $111.7 million ($1.20 per share).

     the company's discontinued furniture business, which was sold in march
1997, had revenues of $51.6 million in the first quarter of 1997 prior to the
sale and nominal earnings for that period. as a result of the sale of the
company's furniture business assets (primarily inventory, property, plant and
equipment), the company received $69.0 million in cash, retained approximately
$50.0 million in accounts receivable and retained certain liabilities. the final
purchase price for the furniture business was subject to a post-closing
adjustment based on the terms of the asset purchase agreement and in the first
quarter of 1997, after completion of the sale, the company recorded an
additional loss on disposal of $22.5 million pre-tax.

foreign operations

     approximately 80% of the company's business is conducted in u.s. dollars
(including both domestic sales, u.s. dollar denominated export sales, primarily
to certain latin american markets, asian sales and the majority of european
sales). the company's non-u.s. dollar denominated sales are made principally by
subsidiaries in europe, japan and mexico. mexico reverted to a hyperinflationary
status for accounting purposes in 1997; therefore, translation adjustments
related to mexican net monetary assets are included as a component of net
earnings. mexico is not expected to be considered hyperinflationary as of
january 1, 1999.

     while sunbeam's revenues generated in asia have traditionally not been
significant, economic instability in this region is expected to have a negative
effect on coleman's earnings. economic instability and the political environment
in latin america have also affected sales in that region. it is anticipated that
sales in and exports to these regions will continue to decline so long as the
economic environments in those regions remain unsettled.

     on a limited basis, the company selectively uses derivatives (foreign
exchange option and forward contracts) to manage foreign exchange exposures that
arise in the normal course of business. no derivative contracts are entered into
for trading or speculative purposes. the use of derivatives did not have a
material impact on the company's financial results in 1998 and 1997. (see note 3
to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

seasonality

     on a consolidated basis, the company's sales have not traditionally
exhibited substantial seasonality; however, sales have been strongest during the
fourth quarter of the calendar year. additionally, sales of outdoor cooking
products are strongest in the first half of the year, while sales of appliances
and personal care and comfort products are strongest in the second half of the
year. furthermore, sales of a number of the company's traditional products,
including warming blankets, vaporizers, humidifiers and grills may be impacted
by unseasonable weather conditions. after considering the seasonality of the
acquired entities, the company's consolidated sales are not expected to exhibit
substantial seasonality; however, sales are expected to be strongest during the
second quarter of the calendar year. additionally, sales of many products sold
by the company may be impacted by unseasonable weather conditions.

liquidity and capital resources

     in order to finance the acquisitions of coleman, first alert and signature
brands and to refinance substantially all of the indebtedness of the company and
the acquired entities, the company consummated: (i) an offering (the "offering")
of zero coupon convertible senior subordinated debentures due 2018 (the
"debentures") at a yield to maturity of 5% (approximately $2,014 million
principal amount at maturity) in march 1998, which resulted in approximately
$730 million of net proceeds and, (ii) entered into a revolving and term credit
facility ("new credit facility").

     the company was required to file a registration statement with the
securities and exchange commission to register the debentures by june 23, 1998,
which registration statement has not been filed. from june 23, 1998 until the
day on which the registration statement is filed and declared effective, the
company is required to pay to the debenture holders cash liquidated damages
accruing, for each day during such period, at a rate per annum equal to 0.25%
during the first 90 days and 0.50% thereafter multiplied by the total of the
issue price of the debentures plus the original issue discount thereon on such
day. the company made its first payment of approximately $525,000 to the
debenture holders on september 25, 1998. (see note 3)

     the new credit facility provided for aggregate borrowings of up to $1.7
billion pursuant to: (i) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal
amount of up to $400 million, maturing march 31, 2005; (ii) an $800 million term
loan maturing on march 31, 2005, and (iii) a $500 million term loan maturing
september 30, 2006. interest accrues at a rate selected at the company's option
of: (i) the london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus an agreed upon interest
margin which varies depending upon the company's leverage ratio, as defined, and
other items or, (ii) the base rate of the administrative agent (generally the
higher of the prime commercial lending rate of the administrative agent or the
federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1%), plus an agreed upon interest margin which
varies depending upon the company's leverage ratio, as defined, and other items.
the new credit facility contains certain covenants, including limitations on the
ability of the company and its subsidiaries to engage in certain transactions
and the requirement to maintain certain financial covenants and ratios.


                                       23
<page>

     at june 30, 1998, the company was not in compliance with the financial
covenants and ratios required under the new credit facility. the company and its
lenders entered into an agreement dated june 30, 1998, which provided that
compliance with the covenants would be waived through december 31, 1998.
borrowings under the new credit facility are secured by the company's assets,
including its stock interest in coleman. pursuant to an amendment dated october
19, 1998, the company is not required to comply with the original financial
covenants and ratios under the new credit facility until april 10, 1999, but
will be required to comply with an earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization covenant, the amounts of which are to be determined, beginning
february 1999. concurrent with each of these amendments, interest margin was
increased. the margin continues to increase monthly through march 1999 to a
maximum of 400 basis points over libor. at the end of november 1998, following
the scheduled repayment of a portion of the term loan, the new credit facility
was reduced to $1,698 million in total, of which approximately $1,421 million
was outstanding and approximately $277 million was available. in addition, at
the same time, the company's cash balance available for debt repayment was
approximately $22 million.

     the company is working closely with its bank lenders in an effort to reach
agreement on a further amendment to the new credit facility containing mutually
acceptable revised financial covenants. there can be no assurance that such an
amendment, or a further waiver of the existing financial covenants, will be
entered into with the bank lenders by april 10, 1999. the failure to obtain such
an amendment or further waiver would result in violation of the existing
covenants, which would permit the bank lenders to accelerate the maturity of all
outstanding borrowings under the new credit facility. accordingly, the debt
related to the new credit facility and all debt containing cross-default
provisions is classified as current in the condensed consolidated balance sheet
as of june 30, 1998.

     at june 30, 1998, the company had cash and cash equivalents of
$43.2 million. cash used in operating activities during the first half of 1998
was $217.6 million compared to $4.8 million in the first half of 1997. this
increase is primarily attributable to lower earnings before non-cash charges and
an increased investment in working capital. the majority of the increase in
working capital is a result of higher inventory levels in 1998. inventories
increased $424.7 million from december 28, 1997, before consideration of the
$84.0 million inventory reserve taken in the second quarter. this increase
reflects $353.1 million of inventory acquired in the acquisitions, less a $38.1
million decrease in the acquired entities' inventories after acquisition, and
$109.7 million in higher inventory related to sunbeam's household and grill
products. cash used in operating activities for the 1998 first half reflects
proceeds of $84.0 million from the company's revolving trade accounts receivable
securitization program entered into in december 1997. including the effect of
the receivables securitization program, receivables increased $294.1 million
from year-end 1997, reflecting $283.7 million in acquired receivables, and $10.4
million, net, of increases in receivables from acquired entities partially
offset by decreases in the levels of receivables held by sunbeam at december 28,
1997. the company expects to continue to use the securitization program to
finance a portion of its accounts receivable. also contributing to the increase
in working capital was a decrease of $22.9 million in accounts payable,
excluding acquired payables. the company anticipates using cash for operating
activities in the remainder of the year, principally for losses incurred in
operations, although this anticipated use of cash is not expected to be as
significant as was incurred in the second quarter.

     cash used in investing activities in the first half of 1998 reflects $379.2
million for the acquisitions. in the first half of 1997, cash provided by
investing activities reflected $84.7 million in proceeds from the sales of
divested operations and other assets. capital spending totaled $21.2 million in
1998 and was primarily for several manufacturing efficiency initiatives,
equipment and tooling for new products and management information systems
hardware and software licenses. the new product capital spending principally
related to the air and water products which were discontinued in the second
quarter, grills and appliances, including irons, blenders and standmixers. as
the company completes its assessment of expected future performance of its
business operations, valuation adjustments may be required for certain of the
assets acquired in 1998. capital spending in 1997 was $26.1 million and was
primarily attributable to manufacturing capacity expansion and equipment to
manufacture new products. the company anticipates 1998 capital spending to be
approximately 5% of sales, primarily related to new product introductions and
manufacturing efficiency initiatives including rationalization of certain
facilities.

     cash provided by financing activities totaled $608.6 million in the first
half of 1998 and reflects net proceeds from the debentures of $729.6 million,
the cancellation and repayment of all outstanding balances under the company's
$250 million september 1996 revolving credit facility, the repayment of certain
debt acquired with the acquisitions and the early extinguishment of the $75.0
million hattiesburg industrial revenue bond. in addition, cash provided by
financing activities includes $19.6 million of proceeds from the exercise of
stock options. (see note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.)

     the company expects to acquire the remaining equity interest in coleman
pursuant to a merger transaction in which the existing coleman minority
shareholders will receive approximately 6.7 million shares of common stock and
approximately $87 million in cash. in addition, as a result of litigation
related to the merger consideration, the company has entered into a memorandum
of understanding (subject to court approval) pursuant to which the holders of
the remaining equity interest in coleman will also receive five-year warrants to
purchase 4.98 million shares of sunbeam common stock at $7.00 per share. there
can be no assurance that the court will approve the settlement as proposed.
although there can be no assurance, it is anticipated the coleman merger will
occur in the first half of fiscal 1999. (see note 10 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements.)


                                       24
<page>

     the company believes its borrowing capacity under the new credit agreement,
cash flow from the combined operations of the company and its acquired
companies, existing cash and cash equivalent balances, and its receivable
securitization program will be sufficient to support working capital needs,
capital spending, and debt service for the foreseeable future. however, if the
company is unable to satisfactorily amend the financial covenants and ratio
requirements of the new credit facility or obtain a further waiver of the
existing covenants and ratio requirements prior to april 10, 1999, the company
expects it would, at that time, be in default of the requirements under the new
credit facility and, as noted above, the lenders could then require the
repayment of all amounts then outstanding under the new credit facility.

new accounting standards

     see note 1 to the company's condensed consolidated financial statements for
a discussion of statement of financial accounting standards ("sfas") no. 131,
disclosures about segments of an enterprise and related information, sfas no.
133, accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, statement of
position ("sop") 98-1, accounting for the costs of computer software developed
or obtained for internal use and sop 98-5, reporting on the costs of start-up
activities, which are required to be adopted for periods beginning after
december 15, 1997. the adoption of these standards is not expected to have a
material effect on the company's consolidated results of operations, financial
position, or cash flows, although actual charges incurred may be material due to
year 2000 issues, as discussed below.

year 2000 readiness disclosure and operating systems enhancements

     the company is in the process of assessing the impact of the year 2000 on
its operations, including the coleman, first alert and signature brands
companies which were acquired by the company in the spring of 1998. the company
established a year 2000 program management office in the third quarter of 1998
to conduct such assessment with assistance from three consulting firms. the
company's assessment encompasses the company's information technology functions
along with the impact of the effects of noncompliance by its vendors, service
providers, customers, and financial institutions. the assessment of the
company's information technology functions is substantially complete.
additionally, the company is assessing the impact of noncompliance of embedded
microprocessors in its products as well as equipment, such as manufacturing
equipment, security and telephone systems and controls for lighting,
heating/ventilation, and facility access.

     the company relies on its information technology functions to perform many
tasks that are critical to its operations. significant transactions that could
be impacted by year 2000 noncompliance include, among others, purchases of
materials, production management, order entry and fulfillment, and payroll
processing. systems and applications that have been identified by the company to
date as not currently year 2000 compliant and which are critical to the
company's operations include its financial software systems, which process the
order entry, purchasing, production management, general ledger, accounts
receivable, and accounts payable functions, and critical applications in the
company's manufacturing and distribution facilities, such as the warehouse
management application. the company plans to complete corrective work with
respect to the company's systems by the second quarter of 1999 with final
testing and implementation of such systems occurring in the second and third
quarters of 1999. management believes that, although there are significant
systems that will need to be modified or replaced, the company's information
systems environment will be made year 2000 compliant prior to january 1, 2000.
the company's failure to timely complete such corrective work could have a
material adverse impact on the company. the company is not able to estimate
possible lost profits arising from such failure.

     the company is in the process of contacting its vendors and suppliers of
products and services to determine their year 2000 readiness and plans. this
review includes third party providers to whom the company has outsourced the
processing of its cash receipt and cash disbursement transactions. the company
plans to complete this review during the first quarter of 1999. the failure of
certain of these third party suppliers to become year 2000 compliant could have
a material adverse impact on the company.

     the company's preliminary assessment of the total costs to address and
remedy year 2000 issues and enhance its operating systems, including costs for
the acquired companies, is $50 million. this estimate includes the costs of
software and hardware modifications and replacements and fees to third party
consultants, but excludes internal resources. the company expects these
expenditures to be financed through operating cash flows or borrowings, as
applicable. through june 30, 1998, the company had expended approximately $3
million related to new systems and remediation to address year 2000 issues, of
which the majority was recorded as capital expenditures. of the total costs, it
is anticipated that approximately 25% to 30% will be incurred by year-end 1998,
with the remainder in 1999. a significant portion of these expenditures will
enhance the company's operating systems in addition to resolving the year 2000
issues. as the company completes its assessment of the year 2000 issues, the
actual expenditures incurred or to be incurred may differ materially from the
amounts shown above.

     after completing the assessment of the year 2000 on its operations, the
company plans to establish a contingency plan for addressing any effects of the
year 2000 on its operations, whether due to noncompliance of the company's
systems or those of third parties. the company expects to complete such
contingency plan by september 30, 1999; such contingency plan will 


                                       25
<page>

address alternative processes, such as manual procedures to replace those
processed by noncompliant systems, potential alternative service providers, and
plans to address compliance issues as they arise. subject to the nature of the
systems and applications which are not made year 2000 compliant, the impact of
such non-compliance on the company's operations could be material if appropriate
contingency plans cannot be developed prior to january 1, 2000.

other matters

     see notes 3, 6, 10 and 11 of notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements for information relating to, among other matters, litigation,
financing and potential asset impairment issues.

restatement of results of operations for the three months ended june 29, 1997
compared to the three months ended june 30, 1996

     the results of operations previously reported for the three months ended
june 29, 1997 as compared with the three months ended june 30, 1996 generally
overstated sales in 1997 and understated the level of expenses incurred in that
year. gross margin was previously reported to have improved 7.3 percentage
points from the level achieved in the second quarter of 1996. after restatement,
the gross margin improvement was 1.8 percentage points. operating income was
previously reported to have improved $33.8 million or 369% from 1996's second
quarter to the second quarter of 1997. after reflecting the results of the
restatement, operating earnings were $16.8 million for the second quarter of
1997, an improvement of $7.7 million or 84% from the prior year. on november 12,
1998, the company filed a form 10-k/a setting forth the restated financial
statements for december 28, 1997 and december 29. 1996, and the fiscal years
then ended. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operations for the fiscal years 1997 and 1996 as well as 1996 and
1995 are contained therein. (see note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

restatement of results of operations for the six months ended june 29, 1997
compared to the six months ended june 30, 1996

     the results of operations previously reported for the six months ended june
29, 1997 as compared with the six months ended june 30, 1996 generally
overstated sales in 1997 and understated the level of expenses incurred in 1997.
gross margin was previously reported to have improved 6.6 percentage points from
the level achieved in 1996. after restatement, the gross margin improvement was
2.0 percentage points. operating income for the first half of 1997 was
previously reported to have improved $53.0 million to 14.4% of sales, up 9.3
percentage points from 1996's first half results. after reflecting the results
of the restatement, operating earnings were $33.9 million for the first half of
1997, an improvement of $9.2 million from the prior year. as a percent of sales,
operating earnings, after restatement, were 6.5%, an improvement of 1.4
percentage points versus the first six months of 1996.

cautionary statements

     certain statements in this quarterly report on form 10-q may constitute
"forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995, as the same may be amended from time to time
(herein the "act") and in releases made by the securities and exchange
commission ("sec") from time to time. such forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the
actual results, performance, or achievements of the company to be materially
different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. when used in this quarterly report
on form 10-q, the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect" and similar
expressions, when used in connection with the company, including its management,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking
statements were based on various factors and were derived utilizing numerous
important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. these
cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the act, with the intention of
obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor" provisions of the act. the company
cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by the company are
not guarantees of future performance. important assumptions and other important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
forward-looking statements with respect to the company include, but are not
limited to risks associated with (i) high leverage, (ii) sunbeam's ability to
enter into an amendment to its credit agreement containing financial covenants
which it and its bank lenders find mutually acceptable, or to continue to obtain
waivers from its bank lenders with respect to its compliance with the existing
covenants contained in such agreement, and to continue to have access to its
revolving credit facility, (iii) sunbeam's ability to integrate the recently
acquired coleman, signature brands and first alert companies and expenses
associated with such integration, (iv) sunbeam's sourcing of products from
international vendors, including the ability to select reliable vendors and to
avoid delays in shipments, (v) sunbeam's ability to maintain and increase market
share for its products at anticipated margins, (vi) sunbeam's ability to
successfully introduce new products and to provide on-time delivery and a
satisfactory level of customer service, (vii) changes in laws and regulations,
including changes in tax laws, accounting standards, environmental laws,
occupational, health and safety laws, (viii) access to foreign markets together
with foreign economic conditions, including currency fluctuations, (ix)
uncertainty as to the effect of competition in existing and potential future
lines of business, (x) fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw
materials and/or products, (xi) changes in the availability and relative costs
of labor, (xii) effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs, (xiii)
economic uncertainty in japan, korea and other asian countries, as well as in
mexico, venezuela, 


                                       26
<page>

and other latin american countries, (xiv) product quality, including excess
warranty costs, product liability expenses and costs of product recalls, (xv)
weather conditions which can have an unfavorable impact upon sales of sunbeam's
products, (xvi) the numerous lawsuits against the company and the sec
investigation into the company's accounting practices and policies, and
uncertainty regarding the company's available coverage on its directors' and
officers' liability insurance, (xvii) the possibility of a recession in the
united states or other countries resulting in a decrease in consumer demands for
the company's products, (xviii) failure of the company and/or its suppliers of
goods or services to timely complete the remediation of computer systems to
effectively process year 2000 information, and (xix) any material error in
evaluating historical levels of retail inventories and the related impact on
operations of changes therein. other factors and assumptions not included in the
foregoing may cause the company's actual results to materially differ from those
projected. the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements or these cautionary statements to reflect actual results or changes
in other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.



                                       27
<page>


part ii - other information

item 1.  legal proceedings

     the company has been named as a defendant in an action filed by hbk
investments, l.p., et al. in the district court of tarrant county, texas, 48th
judicial district, on november 20, 1998. the plaintiffs in this action are 
purchasers of the debentures. the plaintiffs allege that the company violated
the texas securities act and the texas business &amp; commercial code and committed
state common law fraud by materially misstating the financial position of the
company in connection with the offering and sale of the debentures. the
complaint seeks rescission, as well as compensatory and exemplary damages in an
unspecified amount.

     the company intends to vigorously defend the foregoing lawsuit, but cannot
predict the outcome and is not currently able to evaluate the likelihood of the
company's success in this case or the range of potential loss. however, if the
foregoing action was determined adversely to the company, such judgment would
likely have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.



                                       28
<page>


item 4.  submission of matters to a vote of security holders.

         the annual meeting of shareholders of the company was held on may 12,
1998, for the purpose of considering and voting on the following proposals, all
as fully described in the company's proxy statement for the annual meeting. the
vote on each matter is set forth below:
<table>
<caption>

                                                               number of shares
                                                               ----------------

proposal no. 1
- --------------

to elect the following nominees as
  directors of the company:                         for            withheld
                                                 ----------         -------

     <s> <c> <c>    
     albert j. dunlap                            92,189,104         333,616
     charles m. elson                            92,216,623         306,097
     russell a. kersh                            92,213,813         308,907
     howard g. kristol                           90,590,513       1,932,207
     peter a. langerman                          92,186,546         336,174
     william t. rutter                           92,193,780         328,940
     faith whittlesey                            92,194,758         327,962
</c></c></s></caption></table>
<table>
<caption>
                                                                                                      broker
proposal no. 2                                          for          against            abstain      non-votes
- --------------                                      ----------      ---------           -------      --------- 
<s> <c> <c> <c> <c>      
approval of stock option grant to
  albert j. dunlap, previous chairman &amp; ceo         75,464,281      7,071,429           425,892      9,561,118

proposal no. 3
- --------------

approval of stock option grant to
  russell a. kersh, previous vice chairman &amp; cfo    75,650,785      6,884,688           466,671      9,560,579

proposal no. 4
- --------------

approval of stock option grant to
  david c. fannin, previous evp &amp; general counsel   75,825,436      6,710,252           426,454      9,560,578

proposal no. 5
- --------------

amendment to the company's restated
  certificate of incorporation
  increasing the number of authorized
  shares of common stock                            67,190,458     24,438,345           313,654        580,263

proposal no. 6
- --------------

amendments to the amended and restated
  sunbeam corporation stock option plan             51,873,984     30,732,961           355,198      9,560,577
</c></c></c></c></s></caption></table>


                                       29
<page>




item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k.

(a)      exhibits

10.a     amended and restated sunbeam corporation stock option plan, dated as
         of november 19, 1998

27       financial data schedule

99.a     press release dated november 12, 1998 regarding the company's filing
         of an amended 10-k for 1997

99.b     press release dated december 16, 1998 regarding the company's second
         and third quarter 1998 results

(b)      reports on form 8-k

the company filed a report on form 8-k on april 13, 1998, as amended by form
8-k/a filed on may 11, 1998.



                                       30
<page>


                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                        sunbeam corporation
 
                                        by: /s/ bobby g. jenkins
                                           ---------------------
                                        bobby g. jenkins
                                        executive vice president, and
                                        chief financial officer
                                        (principal financial officer)

                                        dated: december 22, 1998




                                       31
<page>


                                 exhibit index

exhibit                              description
- -------                              -----------

10.a     amended and restated sunbeam corporation stock option plan, dated as
         of november 19, 1998

27       financial data schedule

99.a     press release dated november 12, 1998 regarding the company's filing
         of an amended 10-k for 1997

99.b     press release dated december 16, 1998 regarding the company's second
         and third quarter 1998 results


</page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page></page><page>

address alternative processes, such as manual procedures to replace those
processed by noncompliant systems, potential alternative service providers, and
plans to address compliance issues as they arise. subject to the nature of the
systems and applications which are not made year 2000 compliant, the impact of
such non-compliance on the company's operations could be material if appropriate
contingency plans cannot be developed prior to january 1, 2000.

other matters

     see notes 3, 6, 10 and 11 of notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements for information relating to, among other matters, litigation,
financing and potential asset impairment issues.

restatement of results of operations for the three months ended june 29, 1997
compared to the three months ended june 30, 1996

     the results of operations previously reported for the three months ended
june 29, 1997 as compared with the three months ended june 30, 1996 generally
overstated sales in 1997 and understated the level of expenses incurred in that
year. gross margin was previously reported to have improved 7.3 percentage
points from the level achieved in the second quarter of 1996. after restatement,
the gross margin improvement was 1.8 percentage points. operating income was
previously reported to have improved $33.8 million or 369% from 1996's second
quarter to the second quarter of 1997. after reflecting the results of the
restatement, operating earnings were $16.8 million for the second quarter of
1997, an improvement of $7.7 million or 84% from the prior year. on november 12,
1998, the company filed a form 10-k/a setting forth the restated financial
statements for december 28, 1997 and december 29. 1996, and the fiscal years
then ended. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operations for the fiscal years 1997 and 1996 as well as 1996 and
1995 are contained therein. (see note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial
statements.)

restatement of results of operations for the six months ended june 29, 1997
compared to the six months ended june 30, 1996

     the results of operations previously reported for the six months ended june
29, 1997 as compared with the six months ended june 30, 1996 generally
overstated sales in 1997 and understated the level of expenses incurred in 1997.
gross margin was previously reported to have improved 6.6 percentage points from
the level achieved in 1996. after restatement, the gross margin improvement was
2.0 percentage points. operating income for the first half of 1997 was
previously reported to have improved $53.0 million to 14.4% of sales, up 9.3
percentage points from 1996's first half results. after reflecting the results
of the restatement, operating earnings were $33.9 million for the first half of
1997, an improvement of $9.2 million from the prior year. as a percent of sales,
operating earnings, after restatement, were 6.5%, an improvement of 1.4
percentage points versus the first six months of 1996.

cautionary statements

     certain statements in this quarterly report on form 10-q may constitute
"forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995, as the same may be amended from time to time
(herein the "act") and in releases made by the securities and exchange
commission ("sec") from time to time. such forward-looking statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the
actual results, performance, or achievements of the company to be materially
different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. when used in this quarterly report
on form 10-q, the words "estimate," "project," "intend," "expect" and similar
expressions, when used in connection with the company, including its management,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking
statements were based on various factors and were derived utilizing numerous
important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. these
cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the act, with the intention of
obtaining the benefits of the "safe harbor" provisions of the act. the company
cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by the company are
not guarantees of future performance. important assumptions and other important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
forward-looking statements with respect to the company include, but are not
limited to risks associated with (i) high leverage, (ii) sunbeam's ability to
enter into an amendment to its credit agreement containing financial covenants
which it and its bank lenders find mutually acceptable, or to continue to obtain
waivers from its bank lenders with respect to its compliance with the existing
covenants contained in such agreement, and to continue to have access to its
revolving credit facility, (iii) sunbeam's ability to integrate the recently
acquired coleman, signature brands and first alert companies and expenses
associated with such integration, (iv) sunbeam's sourcing of products from
international vendors, including the ability to select reliable vendors and to
avoid delays in shipments, (v) sunbeam's ability to maintain and increase market
share for its products at anticipated margins, (vi) sunbeam's ability to
successfully introduce new products and to provide on-time delivery and a
satisfactory level of customer service, (vii) changes in laws and regulations,
including changes in tax laws, accounting standards, environmental laws,
occupational, health and safety laws, (viii) access to foreign markets together
with foreign economic conditions, including currency fluctuations, (ix)
uncertainty as to the effect of competition in existing and potential future
lines of business, (x) fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw
materials and/or products, (xi) changes in the availability and relative costs
of labor, (xii) effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs, (xiii)
economic uncertainty in japan, korea and other asian countries, as well as in
mexico, venezuela, 


                                       26
<page>

and other latin american countries, (xiv) product quality, including excess
warranty costs, product liability expenses and costs of product recalls, (xv)
weather conditions which can have an unfavorable impact upon sales of sunbeam's
products, (xvi) the numerous lawsuits against the company and the sec
investigation into the company's accounting practices and policies, and
uncertainty regarding the company's available coverage on its directors' and
officers' liability insurance, (xvii) the possibility of a recession in the
united states or other countries resulting in a decrease in consumer demands for
the company's products, (xviii) failure of the company and/or its suppliers of
goods or services to timely complete the remediation of computer systems to
effectively process year 2000 information, and (xix) any material error in
evaluating historical levels of retail inventories and the related impact on
operations of changes therein. other factors and assumptions not included in the
foregoing may cause the company's actual results to materially differ from those
projected. the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements or these cautionary statements to reflect actual results or changes
in other factors affecting such forward-looking statements.



                                       27
<page>


part ii - other information

item 1.  legal proceedings

     the company has been named as a defendant in an action filed by hbk
investments, l.p., et al. in the district court of tarrant county, texas, 48th
judicial district, on november 20, 1998. the plaintiffs in this action are 
purchasers of the debentures. the plaintiffs allege that the company violated
the texas securities act and the texas business &amp; commercial code and committed
state common law fraud by materially misstating the financial position of the
company in connection with the offering and sale of the debentures. the
complaint seeks rescission, as well as compensatory and exemplary damages in an
unspecified amount.

     the company intends to vigorously defend the foregoing lawsuit, but cannot
predict the outcome and is not currently able to evaluate the likelihood of the
company's success in this case or the range of potential loss. however, if the
foregoing action was determined adversely to the company, such judgment would
likely have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.



                                       28
<page>


item 4.  submission of matters to a vote of security holders.

         the annual meeting of shareholders of the company was held on may 12,
1998, for the purpose of considering and voting on the following proposals, all
as fully described in the company's proxy statement for the annual meeting. the
vote on each matter is set forth below:
<table>
<caption>

                                                               number of shares
                                                               ----------------

proposal no. 1
- --------------

to elect the following nominees as
  directors of the company:                         for            withheld
                                                 ----------         -------

     <s> <c> <c>    
     albert j. dunlap                            92,189,104         333,616
     charles m. elson                            92,216,623         306,097
     russell a. kersh                            92,213,813         308,907
     howard g. kristol                           90,590,513       1,932,207
     peter a. langerman                          92,186,546         336,174
     william t. rutter                           92,193,780         328,940
     faith whittlesey                            92,194,758         327,962
</c></c></s></caption></table>
<table>
<caption>
                                                                                                      broker
proposal no. 2                                          for          against            abstain      non-votes
- --------------                                      ----------      ---------           -------      --------- 
<s> <c> <c> <c> <c>      
approval of stock option grant to
  albert j. dunlap, previous chairman &amp; ceo         75,464,281      7,071,429           425,892      9,561,118

proposal no. 3
- --------------

approval of stock option grant to
  russell a. kersh, previous vice chairman &amp; cfo    75,650,785      6,884,688           466,671      9,560,579

proposal no. 4
- --------------

approval of stock option grant to
  david c. fannin, previous evp &amp; general counsel   75,825,436      6,710,252           426,454      9,560,578

proposal no. 5
- --------------

amendment to the company's restated
  certificate of incorporation
  increasing the number of authorized
  shares of common stock                            67,190,458     24,438,345           313,654        580,263

proposal no. 6
- --------------

amendments to the amended and restated
  sunbeam corporation stock option plan             51,873,984     30,732,961           355,198      9,560,577
</c></c></c></c></s></caption></table>


                                       29
<page>




item 6.  exhibits and reports on form 8-k.

(a)      exhibits

10.a     amended and restated sunbeam corporation stock option plan, dated as
         of november 19, 1998

27       financial data schedule

99.a     press release dated november 12, 1998 regarding the company's filing
         of an amended 10-k for 1997

99.b     press release dated december 16, 1998 regarding the company's second
         and third quarter 1998 results

(b)      reports on form 8-k

the company filed a report on form 8-k on april 13, 1998, as amended by form
8-k/a filed on may 11, 1998.



                                       30
<page>


                                   signatures

pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                        sunbeam corporation
 
                                        by: /s/ bobby g. jenkins
                                           ---------------------
                                        bobby g. jenkins
                                        executive vice president, and
                                        chief financial officer
                                        (principal financial officer)

                                        dated: december 22, 1998




                                       31
<page>


                                 exhibit index

exhibit                              description
- -------                              -----------

10.a     amended and restated sunbeam corporation stock option plan, dated as
         of november 19, 1998

27       financial data schedule

99.a     press release dated november 12, 1998 regarding the company's filing
         of an amended 10-k for 1997

99.b     press release dated december 16, 1998 regarding the company's second
         and third quarter 1998 results


</page></page></page></page></page></page></page>